I have made public resolutions that failed and the public humiliation made it worse so I stopped trying. Making private resolutions  to change have made all the difference. This back up that change is a personal decision at New Year’s or any other time rea (...)

This is one of those that I wouldn’t argue because I have stubborn and pig headed friends. I was in the military for this scandal and that’s what it was. There were sides and I see both because I know what was going on.

I genuinely believe that people need to be actively aware and conscious to make changes in there every day lives and this editorial reinforce that idea

I believe when people are associated with wrong doings in the public eye they will mostly try to make excuses or justifications. This piece reinforced the idea that officials do what suits them best not the people at large.

This article is just another piece to help support the beautification movement America needs to support. Those hurt by the events and aftermath of 9/11 would gain so much having the river walk fixed up. It’s another case of city and state officials needed  (...)

I never believed there were WMD in Iraq. I always thought it was a financial move and a distraction from other important things happing in the world. 

I have often believed that he with the money makes the rules. The article talks about how the big financial backers are the ones to benefit and I am not surprised.

This article reinforced my beliefs about joe Biden and his ability to be a straight shooter and deal in the reality of things not paperwork.

I agree that people deal in numbers rather than personal names and faces for challenging events, but I don’t believe in donating to corporations.

Just because we didn't find them, doesn't mean that they didn't exist.

I think a public vote is a good idea for sure because it seems like there is something shady going on. It's a library and there is this much controversy? There is more to the story.

Understanding that talking about changing and putting money behind change are two different things is not something extremely new to me. I feel that this article conveys some information that supported my stance that Pres. Bush was mostly talk when it came (...)

Not only meat factories, but other factories as well have had to come through the movement of hiring people at low wages and facing injuries to paying people wages and training them to avoid injuries. I am not surprised by the information in the article an (...)

This editorial reinforced my stance regarding politicians and their attempt to play both sides of an issue to maintain votes and support their own agendas. The people never mattered, unless it was voting season. 

The idea that officials need to be impartial is not a new one. The names and quotes from officials declaring that if the people don't like it they can vote us out was new and noteworthy for me. 

Having significant findings related to the ability of officials to make real change oriented decisions when their meetings are being filmed encourages the idea that keeping a close eye on officials is the way to create change that the community desires. 

I believe our education system is failing our children. Mostly, because of the standardization and rigorous testing schedule that is administered with a hefty portion of funding going to schools which make a certain grade. This editorial barely scratched t (...)

It gave me supporting facts for the idea that the millennium challenge was a failure.

Pres. Bush was always working towards the welfare and best interest of his people, not necessarily the people. This editorial confirms the focus on side issues that the administration took when so many real issues were being faced at the time. 

The idea that the administration creates fake news to control the American public or influence the world at large. I have always felt that the government and new stations play off of each other and sort of own one another. The editorial provides support re (...)

I was not aware of this information but strongly agree with the idea that the constitution should be considered a living article that grows and changes with the community at large. 

People were harmed and deserve to receive retribution. I think the offer suggested in the article seems like a good idea. I think that people should be able to get free screening if the had been exposed and that preventative healthcare is an important thin (...)

It reinforced my belief that hope is very important, especially in its assertion that a human being can’t be a full human without hope. 

This article provided me with evidence to argue against the bush administration’s defense of their inhumane torture practices. 

Just reading this article made me so angry. I was furious over the entire Iraq war because it was all built on a complete lie about the WMDs that the Bush administration then just stopped talking about and the public appeared to completely forget were even (...)

This article provided evidence to back my already existent view that Condoleezza Rice is corrupt and created an illegal and unethical war based on lies

This article provided me with additional information on how many New York buildings still need  fire safety improvements even though things are getting better. 

It provided statistics to back up information I was already aware of in NYC 

This provided evidence of the Bush administrations utter lack of care for anyone who needed help either domestically or abroad. This mismanaged small amount of money that was virtually useless can be seen here as simply a show to appear as if the administr (...)

Most factory and production workers in America are treated very poorly and this article provided examples of these subpar conditions. 

How can you possibly be a "reformer" if you've been in office ten years?

Including Justice Kennedy's comment really bolsters my anti-FSA position.

America was founded by immigrants and now has the audacity to try to keep people out. People should be fairly admitted in and we need to develop a better way at doing that. 

The editorial talks about the protection that videos can provide for both police and those arrested, but also sites the editing of police tapes. It's note worthy that the police would use the tapes to protect themselves rather than the people. 

It strongly reinforced my stance that the government, and the way it works, needs a fresh start. I agree with all the rule changes proposed here.

It strongly reinforced my stance that the government, and the way it works, needs a fresh start. I agree with all the rule changes proposed here.

I agree with the fact that the Sunni population needs to stand up and cooperate with the majority, or else it may lead to another war for Iraq.

I had no idea regarding this topic. I am very pleased to see that these countries are doing their best to protect the children, and hope that regions nearest do the same in the future.

Action needs to be taken now, so future generations are not affected by our decisions to save money by taking our sweet time.

A program in place to offer the illegal immigrants already working in the states would be a great start. However, a hard hand needs to be brought down on any illegal living fro free off the system or engaging in criminal activities.

It is less about the color, and more about the statistics. If one color has a lower crime rate than another, why risk the whole community? I am not opposed to this system that has been working well for years.

Why bring in the crime that comes with affordable housing, and put everyone at risk, just to 'upset the status quo'? I stand with his decision.

If this is how we can keep America secure, then so be it. If the prisoners are on death row for some heinous crime, they do not deserve a second chance to hurt another family. In my opinion, he is qualified enough.

I love and agree with all of these actions. Restore the river to the day again! Make it a place to enjoy and to be proud of!

I agree with this in that the election is the deciding factor regarding whether or not giving the country a second chance was worth it. 

I approve of him. Defend the country at all costs.

Agency rivalries are responsible for the attacks on 9/11. Appointing one to rein in the rivalries of the different agencies should be an office that is permanent in the government institution.

Abhorrent practice? Not nearly as abhorrent as watching thousands of innocents die. I believe we need to protect our own, no matter the costs.

TWB needs to have someone with an open mind and perhaps even personal experience in these issues. Agree wholeheartedly with the author on this.

The weak dollar ploy was a failure. A lot needs to be done for the economy, but perhaps at this point it is too late.

Absentee voting should never have been allowed. Time to make the legislature act like a legislature.

I will continue my stance that this is necessary to protect the American people.

Large corporations are only looking out for their best interest, not the employees. It is another case where the gov needs to stop working for and paying corporations and start worrying about the employees, not the owners. 

Close the loophole, but do not pursue cases against former employees. Once time has passed, they have the right not to be drug back into a case. That is everyone's right.

I agree it is biased towards large corporations. But it is a fine line here, hurt these corporations and you hurt the economy.

The mismanagement of school funds was a disaster, and should not be repeated again. Safeguarding the funds allotted to education is something that should be actively pursued.

The system needs work at every level.

Large companies are not going to do things that cost them money when there are cheaper ways to go about what they are doing. They don't care about employees or the environment and are fine with the destruction on the earth because they have the money to su (...)

The idea that salaries are taxed higher than stocks is noteworthy. Most lower to middle class people don't have the funds, ability, or knowledge to invest anything in the stock market. When your living pay check to pay check investing isn't what your worri (...)

It showed the importance of protecting investors from the pitfalls of corporate largesse, especially when it comes to retirees.

As the article states, partisanship is a seemingly intractable issue in American politics. That both a Republican and Democrat recognized the importance of clean air and proposed a bipartisan solution shows that the increased cooperation between the partie (...)

This article argues against wasteful military spending, which is a position I share. However, the larger issue with the Iraq War is that it was based on willful lies.

While I do not know if increased sentencing for drug offenders is the solution, I do know that the drug trade may be the single biggest obstacle confronting the improvement of low-income communities. This article takes as a matter of course that the New Yo (...)

I was against so-called tort "reform" in principle. That a compromise was proposed and subsequently rejected would be useful in arguing about the wrongheadedness of the legislation, and indeed, its extremity.

While history often judges the US as the main culprit behind the Iraq War debacle (and rightly so), the role that the United Nations may have played in aiding the destruction and war profiteering is less-known. This editorial encourages me to investigate t (...)

The editorial deals with the large players in this story--Cablevision and the New York Jets. However, the money that would go toward the MTA is a public policy issue. The reason I did not say it strongly reinforced my stance is because public spending bein (...)

The editorial demonstrates the need for improved vote-counting at every level of government, although it did not provide fodder for increased strength of this argument--it showed what is already widely-known.

On the issue of  the Israel/Palestine conflict, there is a lot of gray area. None of the parties involved can claim complete moral nor policy superiority.

I am an advocate for more transparency in the FDA and for food and drug safety generally. That said, this editorial addresses how difficult this is to execute in practice, given the economic prerogatives of involved companies. The drug safety advisory boar (...)

While I oppose Social Security privatization on principle, this editorial's mentioning that the legal limbo a death before retirement would place one's savings in is a facet of the issue that isn't addressed often enough.

Cronyism is rampant throughout all sectors, public and private. The judiciary is one area where we don't often think of it. Using the example of Judge Garson, who I had not heard of prior to this editorial, as an example illustrates that judicial cronyism  (...)

The situation with Kansas AG Kline really hits the intersection of pro-choice and privacy advocacy. We are so used to privacy intrusions now that they ring fewer public alarm bells than ever before. Showing in what specifically harmful ways privacy intrusi (...)

This editorial, by chastising both private and public prisons, represents a fair-handed assessment of the national prisoner health situation. Additionally, by mentioning that diseases in prison can spread to the outside, the editorial reduces any punitive- (...)

The Bush administration was rife with scandal. The Church report is one aspect of the prisoner abuse record of the Pentagon which illustrates how unseemly its record was.

This editorial makes some nice points about the value of being engaged in your life and trying to make improvements. I don't know if it helps me argue better, exactly, but it does strongly reinforce what I already believe.

I already had this view. But the article had a few details (how long it took Gonzalez to denounce torture) which I had forgotten. 

I was already aware of the illegal torture of suspects and strongly opposed it.

I agree that the UN needs a major overhaul. This is a subject you don't see much about and so it's nice to read this.

Gerrymandering is one of the most noxious manifestations of democratic subversion America faces. I was unaware of how endemic the problem was in New York state.

I value and appreciate the American national parks system. I was unaware that their preservation was a bipartisan issue, as, for modern Republicans, privatization is the primary aim of most legislation concerning public goods. This editorial can lead to a  (...)

The issue of waste disposal should not be politicized, although perhaps I naively thought it mostly wasn't. That Bloomberg wanted to add a site in a political opponent's district is petty and speaks to the nature of Mayor Bloomberg as a leader who cannot b (...)

While I am aware of the antipathy toward the judiciary expressed by many Republicans, I was unaware the depths to which John Cornyn sank during the time of these shootings. Those are impossible statements to walk back, as they offer justifications for murd (...)

Energy conservation is a core global concern. This editorial, while bringing the issue close to home for residents of Long Island, demonstrates the local nature of the global problem. While it does seem to openly advocate for LIPA's Green Choice program, I (...)

The reasons the editorial gives for opposing the estate tax repeal are both sound economically and reveal the ideological biases that animated that discussion. Especially given the budget deficit, there is no broader economic argument to be made for an est (...)

Although now history, the Bush administration's relationship with the UN did not further America's image globally. 

The WMD reason to go to war with Iraq has caused uncountable amounts of damage to US relations withe Middle East and cause un-reparable damage to the entire region.

This editorial reinforced my basic feeling that too much bureaucracy is a real problem. The example of the library was sad and also convincing.

I agree with the point that Rice was a problematic appointment and that Congress should have done more to oppose her. It's useful to be reminded of the specifics here.

The Khodorkovsky case represents an illustrative example of the problem of the post-Soviet states. They devolved into kleptocracy very quickly. There are very few characters in business or politics in that part of the world who can be considered virtuous b (...)

I disagree with the premise of this editorial. It seems that there is a whole cottage industry suggesting unhealthy habits may actually have health benefits. 

Many immigration proposals have been on the table over the past two decades. The bipartisan effort described in the editorial was both reasonable and fair to those affected and for those on both sides of a very divisive American issue. 

The intersection of foreign policy and the drug trade is always fraught with conflict. In light of the conflict in Afghanistan, the Karzai administration not only dealt with the American presence in Afghanistan, but also domestic pressures, as well. The tr (...)

International aid is animated not only by humanitarian concerns, but by strategic imperative. Building goodwill in Africa would go a long way toward countering Chinese influence in the region. That Britain made a commitment and the United States was reluct (...)

While making strategic allies with imperfect human rights records is sometimes required, the treatment of Mukhtaran illustrates the shortcomings of a cultural relativism approach to human rights. This editorial throws into relief the fact that neither the  (...)

The editorial presents good faith actors working on initiatives to strengthen the United Nations through both additional oversight and accountability measures, as well as a concerted effort to reduce sexual abuse by peacekeepers. International institutions (...)

Iraq has a very fragile government and that there are problems between the Shiite and the Sunni. But I've never realize how fragile the government is though. 

South Asian countries are famous for having problems with trafficking -- both drug and human -- that I'm not surprised that horrible people would take advantage of a tragic situation for horrible means like human trafficking.  

I know that nuclear power is clean and good for the air, but it's bad for the environment that surrounds the power plant. However, I need to research this more to better argue the topic.

Police unions are too strong -- this reinforced my belief.

I agree that small changes to state gov can make a difference. However this article's tone was overly knowing and somehow irritating!

While it's nice to gave those who are already in the US a way to become citizens, everyone has to remember that the US has immigration laws for a reason. Also there is no evidence either way that proves immigrants do the jobs that Americans won't do in som (...)

I think that Alberto Gonzalez wouldn't be a good fit for the job. However I need more information than what the editorial provided to better argue my stance on the topic.

I do think when companies ruin the environment that surrounds any of their factories that they should find ways to improve their standards and help pay for any damages their factories have caused.

I think countries should be able to pick their own leaders in elections without the interference of any outside power. This editorial can be used as an example of this.

What America can afford? WE can't afford anything unfortunately. I sympathize with the idea, but realistically it is a disastrous idea.

I agree with the writer on this subject, this most definitely should never have played out like it did. It is a violation of an individual's rights to allow their family to dictate what happens to them.

Gonzalez probably was a terrible choice, but he was given the job, so there nothing people could've done to stop it.

A stadium instead of helping the transit system? Ridiculous at best. 

This is an ongoing problem and it's interesting to read about its presence in the Bush administration.

The right to die is controversial, but a position I agree with. This editorial chastises Bill Frist for making a diagnosis from afar, likely driven by ideology, not medicine. While I did not learn anything new, the editorial does allude to Schiavo's doctor (...)

I agree with the position that the constitution should be treated as "living". There are good examples here.

Peer-to-peer sharing is almost exclusively used for copyright violation. This hurts the content creator. Grokster and other software companies which devise programs to facilitate this profit directly from infringed copyright. The problem is that where one  (...)

As long as sales tax is the rule of the land in most states, its collection should not be viewed differently whether the transaction is made online or in-person. If sales tax were not charged in online transactions, this would represent an unfair advantage (...)

I support the idea of more openness. This reinforced that feeling.

I agree with the need for govt agencies to be independent -- this supports that and gives good examples.

I agree with This! The editorial was clear and specific.

The London attacks demonstrate that terrorism is certainly not a problem exclusive to the United States. While there are those on the Left who decry fear of Muslim radicalism as simple Islamophobia, not addressing Muslim radicalism does no favors to Muslim (...)

I agree with the environmental concerns.

I agree with the article. There isn't a lot of new information in it but there is some. I had forgotten about the Real ID law.

Public institutions shouldn't be so dependent on private charity to stay afloat. This makes some good points, especially about libraries around the country.

I agree about the danger of police brutality, and there are some good examples here.

I agree with this. The details -- how the federal agency that insures corporate pensions works -- are interesting. 

It gave useful examples of arrogance and overspending in the military.

I agree with the stance against tax shelter. The details about tax shelter are not something I knew enough about. 

I agree with this and found some good points, especially about rural stations

Like this,, and I like the details about Brazil's universal care program.

I agree with this point and found some good details. 

Music is sound, why pay for sound? It's not as if someone has to dedicate their entire life to the industry to make good music. One could do so in his spare time.

That decision was not just the governments. But rather the corporations backing them. Even if it was, it is better to know your enemy.

I agree that prevention is the best cure.

I agree with this approach as a way to combat obesity. IT's ridiculous that anyone would oppose this.

I support everyone owning a firearm. Except criminals and terrorists. The NRA is off base if they choose to oppose gun checks and restrictions that would limit individuals with questionable ties from purchasing firearms.

Professors and teachers are allowed too much in universities. It's shocking that they would be allowed to make comments like this yet if a student opposes it, they get disciplinary actions leveled against them.

Just as not enough water can kill you, so can too much. It's something I have felt and seen in person, and it is about time that it is going public.

If the students don't agree with the school, they can go somewhere else. But don't take away the rights of the school just because you're offended. The school has every right to take whatever action they deem proper.

This somewhat reinforces my stance since I do believe that people in the government have no idea about how to close social security gap. However, I believe that neither tax increases or having private accounts is a great idea for most people.

It's very messed up for the US government to torture people, and there should be a bipartisan committee to look into these things if they happen. 

I agree with the point and found good details to support it.

While the markets always change, it seems for a while that the US dollar have been losing value. This editorial reinforces my stance that many people don't pay attention to the markets in the long term, which can help close any trade deficits. 

I do think it's a terrible idea to constantly borrow money, especially if it's a government borrowing money from a bank in secret. I am able argue about this topic as the editorial makes a reference to a report that helps explain the difference between goo (...)

I have a friend who is a firefighter. When the topic comes up. I just give him the floor. He knows his business so why would I argue safety?

I think that it's great to make sure the air is clean and there are lower mercury levels in fish. It reinforces my stance that we need clean air and that there should be some regulation on too much pollution. 

I'm against elected officials of any kind wasting tax payer money on personal expenses. I agree there should be laws to protected offices, even school districts, from these type of behavior, and this article gave an example on why this is bad.

I agree with everything in this editorial. I'm now more able to argue about this topic thanks to this editorial since I can argue on that it's better to be safe than sorry with this topic.

I just don’t feel educated enough to argue it but it does reinforce my belief that too much power is placed in the hands of some individuals. 

Everything possible should be done to protect these brave individuals.

Many of the problems in Africa is caused by its leaders, and grandstanding from celebrities, who demand that the US spend money to help solve all of the continent's problems.This editorial proves my stance that many who will criticize the US for being too  (...)

Leave politics out of the American justice system. It is already failing miserably.

The US government should not start an arms race between two countries with a history of aggression towards each other. However, I feel that the article didn't give me enough information to properly better argue my stance.

This editorial reinforced my stance that colleges are slowly moving away from people to express free thoughts that differ from any staff without consequences. The fact that the university didn't have protections in place for students proves my stance.

The editorial reinforced my stance that people think that giving money to African countries will solve all the continent's problems even though it doesn't work. I am able to argue this topic better due to this editorial as the data it uses to support it's  (...)

If the world loses the Amazon, it will be a disaster. I believe that all the nations should step in to help save the Amazon. After all, it affects us all.

The editorial does reinforced my stance that the LGBT has come along way but more still needs to be done to support the community. However forcing anyone to support the LGBT community if they believe it's against their religion is a slippery slope as suppo (...)

It's not surprising that people in legislative branch will add projects to a spending bill that has nothing to do with the original bill. This editorial allows me to argue my stance that government likes to waste money on unimportant projects as it gives e (...)

Social security shouldn't be cut for anyone, especially those need it the most. This editorial strongly reinforced my stance it provided facts such as wealthy people have very little in social security so any cuts do not affect them.

While DNA testing is mostly correct, it is true that human error can mess up any testing. However, the editorial didn't provided enough information regarding how often human error messes up DNA testing, so I cannot improve any arguments I might have about  (...)

The unwillingness of Israeli leaders to secure basic human rights for Palestinians in their purview adds fuel to the fire of Palestinian radicalism. This editorial is correct in stating that Sharon is doing the peace process no favors by wanting only to ap (...)

The issue of drilling on public lands has been promoted by many Republicans and some energy industry-friendly Democrats. That this practice is included as part of overall energy bills aimed at environmental protection is very telling in terms of profit tak (...)

Creating deadlines for Iraqi leadership and ethnic partitioning of the country is unreasonable. The editorial is right in seeing these deadlines as unrealistic. I did not know that the Iraqi Sunni lands were the ones with the least oil, adding an economic  (...)

Given the high levels of Native American poverty, a system to redress money owed to descendants is not merely reparations. It is good-faith accounting, and can be used either in community trusts or paid to individual families with the strongest claims to o (...)

Cindy Sheehan helped provide a public face to the opposition to the Iraq War, opposition I agree with. I was unaware that she had felt personally disrespected in meetings with George W. Bush.

Terrorism is a large problem in Britain. I agree with this editorial reinforcing the importance of security. I also share the editorial's privacy concerns in light of the ambiguous  language ("condoning", "glorifying" and "justifying") proposed by Mr. Blai (...)

The tragedy of Katrina in New Orleans was due to both natural causes and man-made ones. This editorial rightly points out the lack of federal leadership and unwise development practices in New Orleans which led to making the natural disaster worse than it  (...)

The editorial takes a cavalier approach to both public safety and Native rights, which is not surprising, given its snarky tone. It reinforced my stance against nuclear power as a "clean energy" alternative.

This editorial is right in pointing out the link between hurricane size and global warming. That there was no direct causal link that could be made between hurricanes Katrina and Rita in a point A-to-point B fashion does not, as the editorial states, mean  (...)

The path to becoming a supreme court judge is over politicized. This is a good case in point.

I was unaware of just how egregious Texas and Louisiana represents were in attempting to use the tragedy of Katrina to try to milk the federal government for outrageous levels of "aid." Such practices undermine faith in public institutions.

I agree, and there was new information in here for me.

The editorial rightly states that the Bush administration's proclamations about the state of progress in Iraq are to be viewed with skepticism. No clear objectives were ever put forth, and the editorial raises poignant issues, such as the overall regional  (...)

I agree with this and found the details interesting. 

I agree. The detail about the 400 dollar monthly bill is very striking, and also the explanation of how the money is used...cable tv seems unnecessary. 

I wish this article made a stronger point, instead of just summarizing. But the summary about UN corruption is still useful.

Public safety is paramount, especially in dense urban environments. While I appreciate the role of government, the bickering between the federal DHS and local police departments seems not only juvenile, but potentially deadly. Such irresponsibility casts g (...)

The rebuilding of Afghanistan was not thought out carefully, or at least not with the welfare of the average citizen in mind. This editorial is correct in stressing that additional funding for civil repair is required, much more than the $1 billion propose (...)

The W. Bush administration's environmental record is what we would expect from one with so many energy industry players in its leadership. That even staunch allies like Tony Blair would try to convince the administration of its wrongheadedness speaks to th (...)

The conflict between state and federal government over environmental protection measures looms large in this century. That California and New York, country-sized economies in their own right, implement aggressive standards is not surprising.

Very strong editorial with good use of facts. I think it's also significant that NY did not shut down the plants; it only forced them to modernize. That will undoubtedly cost the owners some $, but we all need to make sacrifies.

I am keen on conservation but more so from an environmentalist perspective. The editorial highlighted another reason that conservation should be top of mind for Americans, and by extension for persons around the world. The means to this end however (the Sa (...)

Yes no one should be above the law but you're talking about stuff that happened twenty years ago and the guy is effectively leaving politics. The world won't end if he receives immunity.

I agree with that. The Inauguration is a time to focus on the Presidency instead of the President. Nothing really new or compelling here....

The Likud Party has a very mixed record in Israel. That Sharon wants to distance himself from it is a positive sign for peace.

Idealistic BS. You really think a few mosquito nets and soil nutrients will reverse the cycle of poverty and corruption in the less-developed world? 

It just seems to me that there's no winners in that conflict. 

Interesting points about the historical role of high schools and that they should be drastically reworked.

Usually I am okay with the economy over the environment, but with the Amazon forest I disagree since there are actual endanger species there. This is editorial does kind of reinforce my stance as the Brazilian government is corrupt so it makes sense that p (...)

A mere $600 million in public funds for a new stadium? This must be an old editorial lol. The real issue is whether or not the investment is worthwhile. Sometimes it is and sometimes the team just holds the community hostage until it gets what it wants.

The Patriot Act seemed like a good idea on paper but it is terrible in life. This article proves this by listing the things the areas that the law over reaches in the public's privacy in the name of security.

Global poverty eradication is a multifaceted issue. Eliminating farm subsidies in rich countries can help toward that end. As the editorial states, poverty reduction is not merely about aid. It is also about fair trade policies.

With everything eventually going digital, it seems obvious that the US should store all of its important data under super secure networks. The lack of doing so by the government shows how incompetent many of these people are concerning new technology that  (...)

I knew that policing in urban areas was more aggressive after September 11, 2001. The deliberate attempt to incite rather than protect is shameful, especially in light of the very real need to monitor potential threats.

Cronysim in the judiciary should be opposed. A telling statistic this editorial relates is that an outsider candidate had won zero times between 1994 and 2002, although the editorial does not specify what criteria were used to label someone a "clubhouse fa (...)

I think every building should have safety exits and that new New York architecture should keep 9/11 in mind for safety concerns for both the building and the citizens. However, there is no way to make sure that both the public loves the building and it's c (...)

Extraordinary rendition is so fraught with potential human rights abuses that it is a stain on the proclaimed moral leadership of the United States. That a Canadian citizen was sent to Syria and imprisoned for 10 months is shameful. This episode also illus (...)

I think that the families of those who died on 9/11 should have a say in the memorial as its the place where their loved ones had died. However, it should be a place of creative freedom. This editorial gives me the words

If they would not throw all this unrelated material into the war budget, perhaps they wouldn't have to keep increasing it so much.

I think that any judge that qualify to work in the supreme court should be nominee, and the nominee's personal politics shouldn't matter. However, I think the author of the editorial is using politics to make his or her decision on the topic, which is a te (...)

Cutting that was one of his worst moves as president. Focus less on privatization and more on long term solutions.

They should have signed it. Not signing it only shows that they are so anti-religious that they are willing to drop all morals. 

The importance of official archives is crucial for historical accountability. The Hoyt proposal represents basic civic-mindedness.

Roberts is allow to have his own politics but I personally think a judge's personal politics shouldn't influence the way he interrupts the law. However, the author of the editorial seems to think Roberts might be too conservative because of his association (...)

I already believed this but it is useful to be reminded of the facts.

I agree and appreciate the reminder of the facts.

Agents should not have these capabilities for sure. Surpassing the judicial system gives too much power to any agency.

I agree with this assessment of how the federal government dealt with the aftermath of Katrina.

While I think labor unions are good for workers, it is just the organizations that I have a problems with as they don't seem understand how the economy is changing. This editorial helps me argue the topic better as it mentions the problems that people have (...)

Now more than ever cyber attacks threaten the infrastructure of the USA. Perhaps looking into creating close networks would limit their vulnerability.

Building that stadium is a joke. It won't bring in enough revenue to justify damaging the already struggling MTA system.

Though steps have been taken to help the environment, the government still limits the good it can do due to the corporations who have their greedy hands inside politics.

I think the 9/11 memorial should be honor the victims respectfully, but I also think that the people who are building the Freedom Tower should be free to do what they want. It seems that not everyone is going to be happy, but I don't think that personal fe (...)

I totally disagree with this editorial and really dislike this type of research. Reading this just reminded me of my views on the subject.

I agree with this. It had good and useful details too.

I don't know much about the politics of Iran other than the group of ayatollahs ruling the country in all but name. I also get the feeling that the elected leader mentioned in the editorial, like the author, will be similar to the others and let the ayatol (...)

I was aware of how deferential Republicans in Congress were to the President. This editorial illustrates their deference on both the domestic spying, torture, and indefinite detention fronts.

I like this argument a lot -- consumers share the blame for oil consumption. This makes a great case and gives me good ideas.

I totally agree with this. There's not a lot of new information in here though. 

I think we need to buy more American made products when we can, however many of the manufacturer jobs have moved to China due to the fact it's cheaper to produce things there. So until we can find a way to make it possible to make American made products ch (...)

I agree with this and liked the details.

I think the Bush Administration has or had a tendency to ignore studies which can lead to money being wasted. I can use this editorial as an example of the government wasting money.

When a natural disaster happens, it can bring people together. I think this editorial can be used as an example of people coming together after a disaster.

Horrible natural disasters can still happen in the US if the government doesn't properly find ways to lessen the impact. This editorial proves my stance as it mentioned government incompetence for the reason that much of the damage Katrina caused.

I don’t believe in a police state but it seems like they are trying to find a middle ground 

People want transparency 

I agree with this and had forgotten a lot of the specifics it brings up


Schools need to be teaching skills that transfer to life. All kids are learning is how to pass a test and that is all teachers have to know how to teach. This is why adults can’t adult.

Technology isn’t always a good thing and having a paper ballot count to fall back on just makes sense.

This is news to me, very interesting.

The importance of child welfare services cannot be overstated. The editorial reinforces my opinion that both funding and creative administration are crucial components of strategic improvements.

I agree with this and it's good to read the specifics.

While I do not support the trend toward over-schooling, I do agree with the solution in light of the parental work day and its related time commitment, a factor I had previously overlooked.

The media likes to play both sides against the middle. 

A sane immigration policy which respects those who attempt to immigrate legally while also offering a logistically-rational system for illegal immigrants to acquire legal status, all in the spirit of fairness, as the editorial states. 

We went to help. That’s why we were there. We should have helped.

The constitution stands. It doesn’t evolve to include taking away guns because they have gotten too strong or freedom of speech because we have gotten too loud!

I agree with this -- well written article.

Transparency 

Generally I think it should be difficult to get a divorce. The statistics about violence against women did make me rethink though.

I agree. The details about Obasanjo are useful.

Many laws in Turkey are outdated especially when you compare it to US laws, and I'm not surprise. Like the author of the editorial, I believe that Turkey should change their laws, especially if they want to be part of the EU.

This editorial reinforce my stance that the government took too long with Katrina relief. The author also asked questions that I had.

I think states should remove Jim Crow era laws as they are outdated and very racist. However, I'm not sure if the editorial helps my argue the topic better though

While I agree that the country needs a tax reform, however I not sure that editorial provides any solutions to this problem expect disagreeing with the Bush Administration. 

I have also believed that our governement needs an outside, non partisan, non affiliated group to critique what they are up to and speak for the American people at large. Although this group doesn't meet all of the criteria it does show promise. 


I can remember reading an article like this. I was so upset over the cut of public broadcasting. I think it takes away something that many disadvantage children desperately need. Everyone of those show features learning both academic and social and it has  (...)

I hadn't thought much about this issue. I picked "reinforced " because I agree and found this helpful.

Again not something I knew much about, but I picked "reinforce" because I agreed and found the article interesting.

Brazil is saving lives. Patents for drugs that can save lives should be open for anyone. People need this medication and will die without it. Bravo Brazil for not being afraid of American backlash. 

This made a lot of sensible points about how to incentivize recycling.

This made a lot of good points about how to incentivize recycling.

I already answered this one! Good article about how to keep people recycling.

I agree with the basic idea, and there were some new details in there.

I agree with this. 

I sympathize with the people who lost family there, who want that to belong to the American people and not used as some symbol of vanity disguised as art.

I think that improving public transit and roads is great for everyone. However, states having debt problems that prevents any transit improvements is a big problems but passing bonds are necessarily a good idea since it involves more taxes that many may no (...)

I think that many in the Bush administration did lie about the facts surrounding the lead up to the Iraq war. However, I differ from the author as I don't blame everyone in the administration as I don't know who knew what or who didn't know that most of th (...)

It's interesting how there's so much talk about the rule of law and how some people go so far to obstruct it.

Modern unions are nothing more than rich people in charge of upset middle class and lower class. The system needs a reboot.

If you cannot get past your hatred of Bush, Trump, Clinton, or whoever, it's impossible to have a meaningful discussion about anything, even something as pressing as a rogue nuclear state.

Why can't it just stay American? I don't think anything not truly American should be involved with the memorial, and I still stand by that today.


I agree that Bloomberg can be considered to be one of the best mayors of NYC, and his campaign shows that you don't need special interest group for donations. The editorial is an example of that special interest groups need to be limited in how much donati (...)

I think more needs to be done to allow fair trials for people accused of crimes. This editorial helps me argue the topic better as it puts it in terms that most people can understand.

Transparency is a good thing, even in something as simple as glass bottle deposits.

I saw this one twice...

There were problems with the aftermath and regime change in the Iraq war. And the editorial gives examples on what lessons the US government and military should learn, so they can be avoided if there is another conflict similar to the Iraq war.

I agree that the First Amendment should protect PBS. But you can't have your cake and eat it too. If you don't like what the feds are doing to PBS, don't take federal money.

If someone makes a slight effort, there's progress.

Three good, quick reasons why open government is a good idea in NY and anywhere else.

A good example of how an eco-friendly land development project is often win-win.

As a fan of the show, this editorial seems to support my theory that Tony Soprano dies at the end of the series.

I do agree that the UN is basically useless and has a tendency to put countries that have violated human rights on human rights councils. I disagree with editorial as Bolton's methods, while they can tough, are more effective than classical diplomacy metho (...)

If you're going to trash a nominee you need to do better than cherry-pick a few random quotes that are like three years apart and given to completely different audiences.

While I think that there should be more tax breaks for the middle class, but I disagree with the editorial when taxing the rich. Since many rich people's incomes are tied to stocks and bonds, there is not enough evidence that taxing these things will close (...)

Campaign finance reform is most often considered a federal issue. However, this editorial demonstrates that it can be noxious on the state level, as well. I agree with its assessment and endorsement of Reform NY.

Very well-written editorial. I confess I had to Google "Rorschach test." District boundaries do have a lot to do with election results but I think sometimes we make too much of them. The party that wins the election gets to draw the lines and the other par (...)

The description of the lobbying scene in Albany adds a visual illustration to the problem of campaign finance law and the corrupting influence of lobbying groups.

I agree that more needs to be done about protecting civil liberties against the Patriot Act and that the act needs to be amended. However, the editorial didn't add anymore info that would allow me to make a better argument on the topic.

Disabled rights are often unfortunately overlooked. The editorial posits as a good thing Mayor Bloomberg's proposal to provide for more wheelchair-accessible cabs in the city, as well as for more environmentally-friendly options.

I think that the US government should stay out affairs in the Middle East. This editorial somewhat shows that it is a bad idea however I don't think its helpful in my own arguments on this topic.

I find the pay of all government workers low in general. The editorial tries to make hay of legislator salaries, but $79,000 does not go very far in New York, even in the suburbs. This editorial helped reinforce my general view that government salaries are (...)

While I think that this plan does unfairly favors one community over the other, this editorial has provided enough information to support my stance as it shows that Yorktown still hasn't overpower Peekskill. 

Katrina rocked this country in a way that can only be compared to 9/11 or Pearl Harbor, except this time it was mother nature herself. I only hope that the government learned how to better respond in the future when the next natural disaster strikes.

This editorial takes the stance that the Long Island Bay is worth preserving. I agree with the clam restocking effort, despite the acknowledged difficulties.

Pork barrel and conflict of interest spending is a problem confronting all levels of government. These so-called 007 accounts need accountability, as does all public money.

That Russia quickly devolved into an authoritarian regime after the hopeful 1990's is sad but unsurprising, given how quickly former Party elites solidified their privileged financial positions.

Gerrymandering is a huge problem for states. The editorial stresses that New York tends to gerrymander to favor incumbents, regardless of party. This is different from the Texas model but no less noxious.

Inflation is a problem, but as the editorial states, stagnating wages are the true culprit behind economic distress. An interest rate pause would do little to rectify that.

Academic publishing itself is a highly extortionist affair. That these particular journals published articles by researchers with such obvious conflict of interest is an outrage.

I didn't know about the connection between Rotary and polio. This story is a very good example of what a dedicated ngo can accomplish.

Politics even corrupts memorials to dead people.

A good summing up of the Israel Palestine mess.

There's no such thing as perfect. Typically pretty good is a worthwhile goal.

Some good examples of how drug companies hide information.

Maybe the mining lobby just saw a potential profit drop and made a knee jerk reaction. Or maybe they understood what was at stake and just didn't care.

It's sad that people are sometimes so petty that they don't care about collateral damage.

A good discussion about the appropriate limits on eminent domain.

I see two issues here. First is the balance between pharmaceutical profits and safety; second is this group wants American money and also wants to ignore American policy influence.

This article further made me realize the effects of the oil money and how it promotes the Taliban and violence. It concerns me that the money they earn through the sale of oil can improve their nuclear bombs which could lead to a nuclear war. 

I agree with the article that legislators need researchers.  This article makes sense to me since a legislator is unable to know the everything about a bill and a researcher to fully investigate a topic would lead to legislators being more informed and mak (...)

I completely agree that there should not be ghost voting for legislators.  A legislator is voted to represent its constituents and it is not beneficial when one can ghost vote and not be present to represent the people that voted him or her in. 

Legislators should reform institutions and keep in mind their needs 

Child trafficking is a serious issue in many countries; however, in areas such as Thailand which have so many orphaned children due to tsunamis it becomes an even more frightening statistic. It is imperative that we do everything we can to protect these ch (...)

Board members should always ensure that the organization is on track by assessing it on a daily basis.

The county has a problem and someone has to stand up and come up with a solution. The workers want to hide their mistakes at the expense of people's lives.

It is frightening to think of that because of the cost of water filters that water continues to contaminate people.  There are too many people that can be harmed by this. 

It is horrible in this day and age that segregation still exists to this extent.  As a teacher of all African-American children, I feel it is horrible to judge someone on the color of the skin and not have an equal opportunity for all. 

When tourists visit such a place, they are risking their lives. They should balance their risks and rewards.

I completely disagree that a town refused to offer affordable housing due to the fact that it might attract a racially diverse demographic.  I think it is sad that a town is not diverse and is geared towards a white affluent community. 

Clean air is not only important to human beings but to a variety of plants and other animals. The two contestants should continue standing up for the environment.

I do not think an attorney general should be elected to represent the people if this is how he handles policies. As an attorney general, it is scary that he chose to get a boss out of jury duty and was involved in the cover up of a drunk driving incident. 

I feel that American Sugar Refining should have to pay for polluting the water and I applaud Scenic Hudson for working hard to develop parks. 

Countries should look come up with ways to save on their finances especially when it comes to the defense departments. Weapons are very expensive.

Counties should look for alternative ways to help such criminals instead of building more jails.

Mr. Gonzales never should have been voted for as attorney general due to his records. Clearly, he is not acting in ethical ways especially with the treatment of prisoners and should not have been voted for based on his ethnicity. 

The President should continue standing up for what he believes is good for his country and citizens.

It is frightening to think that there was advance notice of the 9/11 attacks and it could have been prevented. This was such a horrible terror attack for our country and affected too many families with the loss of life. 

Corruption should be investigated and those found guilty charged. 

The debate should go on until a wise decision is reached and agreed upon by both parties.

I can't believe in our country that is based on democracy that American intelligence has the ability to secretly detain prisoners. In addition to that, it is unbelievable to me that Congress can request documents and get stonewalled. 

Communities are entitled to better and affordable housing

I think that the president of this bank should be a candidate that would be suitable and consider the countries around that world that are involved. Someone from another country should not be able to become a US citizen with the sole purpose of getting hir (...)

Provisional ballots are valid even if they are cast in the wrong place.

Mr Pataki should stand up for waht is right and fix the current mess.

A government that supports terrorism should not rule a democratic country. 

I think that the election should be able to create a functioning democracy in Iraq. 

Government officials should come up with ways to strengthen the power of the FDA

I feel it is the job of the President to pay attention to the markets and the value of the dollar. One of his main responsibilities is monitoring this and working to have America as a country that is not in a financial crisis. 

The government should look come up with better ways to take its share in a private account without ditstabilizing the family through taking all the money.

The privacy laws should not really count when an offense has been committed. Hospitals should submit records in case of an irregularity.

Diverse nations should not appear to favor some religions and people.

The government should come up with a coherent, publicly subsidized program of testing, counseling and treatment that would slow the spread of disease, both behind bars and after inmates were released.


I think a state's financial information should be accessible at all times. New York's debt tripled in 15 years and put the people in that state at a financial hardship. 

An independent commission should be appointed.

The federal judiciary should be treated in a specialized way

Legislators should not ask taxpayers to pay for such services 

Legislators should not allow taxpayers to pay for such services

A president should not have the power to infringe on someone's civil rights and not have to right to put someone in jail indefinitely without the right to a trial.  I agree that America should be acting with a sense of a moral compass. 

America should work with democracies in Europe to create a peaceful environment

The Governor should sign it to change how things are done.

It clearly appears to me that these state employees broke a law and it appears to me that there are zero consequences because instead of facing them they left their jobs. I believe that they should be able to pursue former employees for any wrongdoing. 

President Bush should reform all areas which are not yet operating optimally

The disagreement between the two official should be worked out soon

We should be good listeners for us to argue our points accurately

I do not agree with the rules of engagement for American soldiers whatsoever. I can't even fathom the amount of lives that were senselessly lost due to this. That car should have never been shot at or those children had to endure that. 

Citizens should support the clean energy system for the country to prosper. 

I am glad that Clear Skies that was proposed by President Bush did not pass. There should not be a bill that is instated by a President that would create an increase of soot by 70%.

Astronauts should be allowed to follow their dreams and explore t help people 

Real justice is the only way to redress injustice.


As a teacher that has to buy all of my classroom supplies and all of my students' supplies due to poverty and budget restraints, I find it appalling that 11.2 million was allowed to be stolen from these children and classroom. 

A merged fire and police service will keep the city safe

It seems to be that a 4 day lag time to get results to see if there is anthrax isn't beneficial to protect those that could be potentially contaminated. Furthermore, for the workers to assume that all tests will be negative because they typically are is in (...)

Immigrants should come out of the shadowy world and be assisted.

Mr Bush and Karzai should wok together to achieve similar goals of interest

Africa needs assistance from developed countries for it to prosper

The Jets should be making bids based on the same "playing field" as all other bidders. They should not be the only bidders that get concessions. 

The US and Pakistan should work together to achieve more.

America and the UN have much in common and will play a big role in the future. 

I think it is good that both of these Democrats started a plan to revise the election systems for the good of the people. 

I do agree that artists should be paid for their work and music. There are some musicians that aren't as big as others and may depend on that money for their families. 

I agree that these actions could lead to an arms race. It should not appear to other countries that the US is supporting these actions through the use of our jets. 

Gun laws have to be completely reformed. Politicians should not be voted in if they are supported by the NRA. Guns should not be allowed to be sold to be on terrorist watch groups. 

As a teacher, it is my ethical responsibility to teach without my students knowing my own political beliefs while teaching government. I agree with the complaint of misconduct against this teacher and feel this class should have been better planned out to  (...)

As a member of the wealthiest nation in the G8, I can't believe that the US was offering the least amount of aid. I feel that continuing to work and help allies is important to the future of their countries as well as the US.

These medical students should not be discriminated against based on their sexual orientation. 

I agree that $80 billion in war aid when we have pressing issues in our our own country is a misdirection of funds that could be used for our own people. 

President Bush should not be taking more money out of the middle class while only taking 13% more out of someone's benefits that basically earns 3x as much.

My first instinct would be to save the waterfront. After reading this article I say that is the case and hope that Mr. Pataki moves forward with his plan.

I am not a fan of some of the practices discussed such as ghost voting and bills getting passed without anyone really knowing what’s written in them due to the emergency status farce. America is not a “new” country there is nothing that needs to be passed  (...)

It’s nice to see the “checks and balances” being allowed to actually work. 

I honestly do not pay a whole lot of attention to other countries political growth, there was information in this article I was only vaguely aware of so it did remind me that it doesn’t hurt to pay a little better attention to politics in other countries. 

I think the public should know how their tax money is being used, and that government officials shouldn't use tax payer money for their super secret pet projects. However I disagree somewhat with the New York State democrats as they just assume that the go (...)

I agree with the editorial that the Yankees should be paying for their new stadium out of their own pocket instead of having the tax payers pay for it.

I agree with everything in this editorial. I can now argue about the topic better as it provides basic and universal key points on how any government, not just the state of New York, can improve their spending budget bills.

I think that the government should take care of its roads and other transit systems as people use them everyday. And I think that governments should reform problems that they may have as stated in this editorial.

I agree there should be some reforms in New York state as it seems that campaign laws are being abused in New York based on this editorial.

While it didn’t provide information I wasn’t already aware of, it did serve as a good reminder that humantrafficking in still a very huge problem and childrennof disasters are the most vulnerable. 

I'm glad that the state of New York was able to reform some of the problems that the government faces.

I actually wasn’t aware of this happening in Long Island, while I can see the point of saving money in an already drowning in debt country, I strongly feel that maintaining quality water sources rates above monetary savings. 

Immigration is important, the government really doesn’t have a clue how to handle immigration and citizenship though. 

Technology will always evolve

Businesses should not be exempted from paying taxes

Terrorism will always be done. Every terrorist has a good reason for being what he/she is

Tough security and transportation laws should be enacted to curb terrorism.

Mr Karzadic should be captured to ensure peace is upheld.

Working together ensures work is done properly and peace is upheld

Governor Pataki should ensure that women use protection whenever they want to easily

Clean energy is vital for any nation to thrive

It is wise to give others a chance to lead while they can

Leaders around the world should do their best to inspire peace among their people

Justice and the rule of law should always prevail in every circumstance

Citizens of a big nation like the US always want answers

We need hope and strength to get going during difficult times

Honesty and accountability are the cornerstones of a great peaceful nation

Negotiations should be considered first before engaging in wars

Problems that exist should be acknowledged rather than ignored

Space explorations should be done however, they are not compulsory. No need to waste money exploring other planets when we have't solved problems on earth 

Global warming should not be ignored. It will soon destroy the planet

The leaders should help those in need first because they have given their lives to them

Leaders should not expect citizens to bury their heads under the sand. they will soon find out what is going on  

The most experienced and qualified judges should be chosen because they are going to handle very crucial matters

Security departments should work together to fight a common enemy

Focused leaders help their citizens by solving problems efficiently.

Big nations such the US have continued to help smaller nations get firmly grounded.

No none should suffer at the expense of another person

Global warming should be controlled. Fuel efficient vehicles will boost the environment

Israel needs a good leader just like other nations to enable it prosper

Severe action should be taken to control dangerous terrorists such as Saddam Hussein 

I think it's a good idea for a state to try to reform their tax laws and I agree with this editorial. However, I'm not familiar with New Jersey so this editorial can't help me argue this topic better.

I think that aggressive debt collecting is a problem that needs to be stopped. However, we need to find a way to make it easier for people to pay off their debts that involves other methods besides debt collectors. 

While I, personally, procrastinate with budgeting my spending habits, I don't think that the government should do that. The reason is that a government should be more responsible than its citizens.

I think that throwing money at the problem isn't go to fix New Orleans problems as city officials need to make a clear plan to make sure that a disaster like Katrina doesn't happen again. 

The information regarding the amount of individuals who develop this type of lung cancer and the link to smoking is important. People need to realize that smoking is taking years off their life. 

I'm pro long term tax reforms, however I don't know enough about New Jersey's laws. So I cannot know if the editorial is correct and New Jersey has to change its constitution to have long term tax reforms.

Leaked information and propaganda cause distractions and confusion among the American people. People believe what they see on the news, or read in the paper and tend to think less and follow more. The more different things that are happening the more confu (...)

I think that people in the government should do more for the people like stated in the editorial. The editorial does allow me to better argue the topic as it gives questions that people should ask those who were elected to serve. 

I think we should preserve Paterson as it has a lot of history that is important to the US. And the editorial helps me argue this as it shows that it can bring in money to New Jersey.

I think the need for power is more important than any of the environmental issues that a power plant might cause as stated in the editorial. 

I think it would be better for everyone if New York state had a limit in donations. This editorial shows that both parties complain about need campaign reforms while taking money from high donors which is hypocritical. 

I really like what is happening in Virginia in this editorial. People need an incentive. People don't finish high school and need a way to get through. Getting a GED in 90 days or less is pretty impressive for someone who dropped out in the 9th grade. If i (...)

Congress always put some sort of special interest in bills, however this bill did have some great reforms. This editorial helps me argue the topic better as it details all the great reforms in the bill.  

Pres. Bush did not have any plans for the UN. Complains and ruinations, but no solid ideas as what could create a better and more workable entity. 

This is a prime example of no change coming in America until there is a shift of thinking in people. No one is better than the next person. It takes all kinds to make the world go round and until everyone accepts others no matter their social standing it’s (...)

Make the fines for pollution higher. As of right now oil companies can spill in fresh waters and oceans and the fines are barely a slap on the hand for them. If the fines were bigger it would make them slow down and ensure pollution doesn’t occur. 

Countries in South Asia, even though many of them lack certain critical resources, should put more effort into protecting their children. The editorial shows that this can in fact be done (even under adverse conditions) and the international community shou (...)

Not because something is expensive or difficult to do, should the authorities be allowed to downplay its significance and urgency. Citizens should (and collectively through various lobby groups) demand accountability from these authorities.

Corruption in big business and government officials is something that I am never surprised by. Congress should impose regulations to protect American workers if corporations arent willing to do the best they can for their employees. 

I agree that denying a shot Unocal by China creates further resentment, and frustrations between us and them. 

Racial divisions have been a feature of many Long Island (and many other US) suburban lifestyle. There are powerful (and some not so powerful) groups that have interest in maintaining this status quo, even in the face of seemingly Federal opposition. This  (...)

America is so ready to jump in and tell other countries what they need to do. They are quick to talk and slow to action. 

I had no idea that prisons get up to 60% of the collect call cost. They should move to the federal prisons way, yet I suppose that means only an inmate with money could call come. Those without wouldn't be able to call anywhere. 

Oftentimes, public officials are not willing to make unpopular decisions for fear of repercussion from powerful economic and other local groups. Other times, they use public office to reinforce their own position on many social, political and economic issu (...)

The Oil-for-Food program has some serious issues that officials have turned a blind eye to because they are getting their pockets lined either way. 

Gonzales was never a good fit for his position. He should never have been there. 

When the government/legal system makes the economic and business interests accountable, many positives can be accomplished. 

When faced with a choice, citizens of a country will almost always prefer peaceful self government to anarchy, mayhem and war. Peace, however, out of any chaotic situation, will be a long and sometimes difficult process and unifying all the factions, even  (...)

The Chinese people being very industrious, the government should look after them 

Religious beliefs and groups should not be allowed to influence the works of Global Fund if they contribute. Global Fund should remain committed to their vision and the goals that they have set out to meet. 

Trade rules should consider poor countries as well

It shows that even politicians will resort to a play on emotions, or even draw the racial card, in order to support their position on an issue.

Land should be protected against mining activities to accommodate people 

The police understand what civil liberties mean in a democracy.


I really have no input on this, aside from I believe that any of our soldiers who choose to torture anyone during war should be punished accordingly and any higher ups who order them to do so should be punished as well. 

Judicial elections help in rewarding legal acumen

It is important for the Judiciary to investigate the executive

Mr. Pataki should protect his papers while leading in the right manner

The government should ensure that important information is protected

Public information should be kept as a secret instead it should be shared for trust to grow

Aging Americans need to be assisted as they play a crucial role in the population 

Reform is cheap in the long run but also time consuming

Ways to accommodate full day sessions for children at preschool should be implemented

Immigration reforms should be humane and practical

Legislature should be the role model of the society

Law makers should act as role models to the society

Change is a crucial factor when we think of development

Correct information should be gathered to have great results

The State department should keep public records open instead of disclosing them

State judges need a salary increase to work more effectively

I feel that the world bank should be ran much like a democracy. Allow those who it will affect to choose who will be running it. 

Our country shouldn’t need to borrow money to run. We need serious budgeting, which is something none of our presidents have accomplished.

Nothing that concerns the public should take place without the public’s consent or input. Ever. 

Gonzales should have never held the position he held and honestly I believe that even in war torture and abuse for any reason is 100% unacceptable. 

There should be no escape clauses for anyone in a governmental level. If you do something you should not be doing then there should be consequences, especially when it affects the public you’re supposed to be be representing.

We need to learn from the experience in Katrina and better prepare for natural disasters of such magnitude. 

Those in power like to surround themselves who have proven to be loyal and that have made them look good. They are not looking for anyone to questions them, or be innovative in anyway. 

Clean air and clean water are often taken for granted in America. We need to create better plans to protect our resources.

Nature conservancy should be our top priority as a society

Secret accounts should be investigated as they promote corruption

The war went as expected. the damage control needed after the fact however should have been anticipated and prepared for.

While public school is important they are often granted too many privileges and should never be allowed this much freedom with the tax payers dollars. 

Election results do not assure good governance. It is the winning parties ability and willingness to unite warring factions and to promote exclusivity that will guarantee this.

Intelligence should be respected and upheld

Intelligence should be respected and upheld

Leadership is not power but a form to help others express themselves

Competition will bring life to New York's legislature

Sadly, there will always be a threat of poisoning through the mail. I’m not sure what exactly people expect for officials to do aside from the measures they’ve already taken. 

Better care is important for everyone to thrive today

The American economy is stagnating day by day. Actions need to be taken.

Journals should find authors who are free from conflict.

Corruption should always be investigated in public offices and those found guilty punished.

The markets of the East (including the Middle East) are a formidable economic power to reckon with. The US, with all its political power, is still greatly affected by the economic actions of these other nations.

Gov. does what is best for big business, not what is best for the little people or the country at large. 

Giving the death penalty to some one who donated to an organization without knowing the full extent of the organization movement in the terrosim area is insane. 

Cutting off trade with a country is not one way to make friends. It causes enemies, resentment and worse aggressive tactics. 

During war time no american citizen outside of those actively serving know what the government has planned using a horrible chemical that can burn for hours within the human body is disgusting and horrific and should have remained banned after Vietnam. 

Risk based allocation of fund is a good starting point. But I wonder how exactly they are developing the formula to decide what place is at more risk than another. 

As a nation, the US will always condemn Human Rights abuses when they are occurring in other sovereign nations. There are many times however when it happening right here at home and we turn a blind eye to it, justifying it with all kinds of excuses.

I am very wary of any industry left to monitor itself, however the arguments made for the new bill (as presented by the author) also make sense for greater flexibility in dealing with emergencies. 

I am very against prisoner torture. I don't believe that it gets a solid confession or any other information. 

I believe surveillance of people without authorization and valid justification is not good. It is an invasion of privacy that our gov. takes part in far too much. 

I feel I agree with this editorial, as each judicial case is extremely idiosyncratic in nature and should be handled as such. 

I appreciate good work on environmental issues and this article demonstrates bi-partisan progress on an important issue.

Our government is not responsible for finding anything sport related. You want a new stadium. You build it. 

There should be legal actions that people can take when people do not pay for their creative work. If you want free music and videos there are public broadcasting stations that do that. If you want to listen to the same song a million times over buy the mu (...)

I don’t care if another country would sell these countries weapons of war, America should have taken the high ground and not done so.

I think if the US wants to be a world leader in foreign aid, then it needs to step up.

I think that it is crazy that the nation spends more on its military then another other in history. There is a lot more in the world that needs money too.

I think that it is insane the amount of money that these political people get to spend when the money should be going to what it is supposed to.

I think that it is insane for the government to tell you when you a retired person with a private account is allowed to start spending their money. These people have worked hard to be able to retire and they are told they have to do certain things before t (...)

Big Pharma takes advantage of the sick in America! Go Brazil!

It is frightening that in Brazil the politicians have more power than the government and that they feel an increase of 40% of deforestation is not an issue for their country and the Amazon. 

First of all, the lawmakers that we vote into office should be reading bills that are before them and make an educated vote on each one.  Secondly, the FBI should not be able to act and have subpoenas without the consultation with a judge or prosecutor sin (...)

Our government should be focused and held accountable for trying to protect our country from cyberattacks. It should absolutely have a  plan for recovering key Internet functions in case of an attack.

The Jets stadium should not be allowed to be put in this area since it does not benefit taxpayers or the transit system. It seems to me that a safer and newer transit system seems to be a much better choice than a stadium.

It’s great that the better off countries choose to donate and help the countries who are struggling. 

Interesting point about Israeli military resources...

States rock

I am so surprised by the fact that prisoners are being counted where they are inprisoned rather than their own place. I hope that this is changed. It makes voting and voting power a lie. 

The relationship between the FDA and the companies it regulates has always been troubling to me...

This is another case of the corporation taking advantage of the small guy to gather more profits. 

The bit about delayed filing after storms was interesting...

Those second term blues are very hard to overcome. With no looming election lots of guys mail it in

The Corps were not created to use as a political tool. Internal reform would be a great start, but creating an oversight committee on the national and state level would be an even better step.

It is appalling that Turkey is so backwards regarding the treatment of the mentally ill. Electric shock therapy on children, without anesthesia is downright barbaric.

Katrina was a horrible disaster, and this article only further deepens my view that the government, and the president, failed the gulf coast miserably.

To make a difference on the farming market worldwide, all the countries have to pull together to come up with a solution that benefits everyone, including and most importantly the smaller communities.

If they want to vote, then it should not be an issue to present identification and take the necessary steps. I support this law. It will help keep voter fraud to a minimum, something the USA desperately needs help with.

This country does need a better tax system. Bush administration damaged it greatly, having the gall to make his cuts permanent. 

Any bill that did/does support improving the MTA deserves to be at the front line of all political agendas. Being a keystone in one of the biggest cities in the world, and relied on by many blue collar families, their is no reason it should be bypassed.

I can not understand why President Bush wouldn't take global warming more seriously.  The staggering effects on our world is frightening and the rise in atmospheric temperatures should be a clear sign that this is an issue. 

Of course the lawmakers were more lenient regarding AIDS. It's a strong vote pull among the LGBT community. The MCC would have been the better option, but again, politics prevail.

Changes do need to be made regarding the delays in the criminal justice system, but this is a fine line to traverse. Lawmakers in the present and future need to tread very carefully, so as to not violate all American's rights.

I find it very disturbing when a male or male lawmakers feel they have the right to make laws regarding a woman's body and her right to have an abortion. A woman should not be forced to carry a baby to term when they are dealing with issues such as rape or (...)

The United Nations has failed. It's become a group of people only seeking to keep the superpowers happy and the dissidents quiet. Fairness and equality for all nations has gone down the drain. 

The White House should never be dishonest about a future Supreme Court judge's beliefs or affiliations because they are voted in based on how they stand on many issues. The people should be fully aware of their politics and legal philosophies. 

Now the table shave turned. China actually leads the US on taking steps toward protecting the environment. The US should have been helping the environment years ago. 

States that offer no fault divorce are better for women. There are fewer suicides, domestic abuse cases, and females murdered by spouses. I am pro no fault divorce.

Mr. Toussaint let it get personal. As the leader, with that much power over so many people's daily lives, he should have accepted the deal. Unions are no longer seeking fairness for all their employees, but rather have become greedy. 

The 'gag order' is necessary to protect the investigations. If investigations into terrorist activities were open and available for all to see, would that not lead to disaster?

Internet neutrality is necessary for the development of modern society. 

It makes perfect sense, the other plants should be regulated, and it's no big secret that their pollution affects everyone in the vicinity. 

As a member of a union for the working class, unions need to support the working class. Unions need to work for its members, the men and the women who work hard each day for their paychecks. 

A board member such as this woman should not be misleading others and not representing the facts of the memorial. The important aspect of the Freedom Tower is to honor those whose lives were lost on 9/11.

Justice Sunday is doing an inservice to those who are participating since they are offering opinions about the works of judges and are not facts. I agree that our system should continue to work in the manner of a check and balance system. 

I feel that more Americans should focus on buying American made products when possible in order to not run into these deficit gaps and be able to create a stronger economy in our own country and promote more jobs. 

I am disturbed as to why Bush would implement a study that costs 2-3 million when the park is already 23 million in debt. How is he able to waste that kind of money when the first 3 studies found the better choice for travel to Yellowstone. 

At the time of such a devastating natural disaster, our President should have left his vacation to visit the state and assess the damage.  It is heartwarming however, to hear of the people who helped one another in the wake of this disaster. 

It is frightening that a country can treat their people in such a painful, harmful way. Turkey should be focused on how to care for their mentally disabled and provide therapy and counseling for their people and their children. 

Politicians should be looking out for the US farmers when selling to other countries so they are able to make a living and be able to cover all of their costs of production. 

There definitely should not be a $20 fee charged to those who want to vote. I agree that it is trying to target groups who they feel will not vote due to the fee and lack of funds and I feel it is unconstitutional.

I do not like how President Bush has issued a tax reform that has included tax cuts that benefit the wealthy. This is one of the main problem with our economy and why the working class can never seem to get ahead. 

I think New York is making a fiscally responsible solution to their commuting problem and issues in their state. The state's debt would not mount higher due to this project and the debt definitely seemed to be contracted by the state authorities and not by (...)

New York has the opportunity to create something meaningful for the people of New York out of the tragedy of 9/11. Having a summit and meetings without the wants/needs of the people in mind and voiced is pointless and meaningless. 

I wish there were more communities willing to think of preserving the land and leasing it to farmers. We need to support our land, support our farmers, and protect what wilderness we have left. House developments need to be fixed up rather than just leave  (...)

Jurors should never be excluded due to their race as this is a clear cut case of discrimination. The Streamlined Procedures Act should also never prevent a court from reviewing capital cases.

Another editorial pointing out the flaws of big business. When companies look for employees over sees, who loses? The Americans who are now unemployed. 

New York needs to get things moving regarding family members of adult incapacitated patients being able to make choices for them without living wills. It is a shame and horrible to think of someone you love suffering and not being able to do anything about (...)

This supports my stance on personal wealth being needed to maintain a library. 

I love the idea of the Bigger Better Bottle Law. Why not pay people to bring in the cans, bottles etc that they have used or found on the street. It gives people without the ability to do other jobs a job that not only can pay, but also help the environmen (...)

This article made me want cameras around even more.

I agree that the Bigger Better Bottle Law is great for the environment, cleans up otherwise trashy communities, and provides a small but possibly substantial income for those who would otherwise not have any work. 

The bigger better bottle law is a great choice for the community, the environment, and people who otherwise may have no income at all. 

The government works with those that support them and their agenda whether or not that agenda is what is best for the common good of all. 

It’s truly infuriating that they throw frivolous crap that the government shouldn’t even be paying for in with truly important matters that they know will be approved just to pass their personal agendas. 

At the rate we are going there will be no social security, it’s best for those in the working world to make sure to set money aside because there’s not going to be anything left by the time our government gets done messing with it. 

Our justice system is flawed on many levels, this being one of them. Yes, DNA can be helpful but it has to be backed by solid evidence and proof. 

Lobbying and earmarking are not new ideas. It is important for the people to be aware of this happening and use our combined voices to make an impact to stop it. 

It’s great that this program exists, however it should be allowed to work at its fullest potential. Donors are important but they should not have a say in the materials used to help, leave that to the professionals. 

The state needs to have more control over its own electric prices. They need to be regulatory dependent on their states needs. 

Hospital records in regards to deaths is a very important information to have.

The patriot act was just one giant step in the wrong direction. I sadly think more lawmakers pass laws without actually reading them more often than not. If they aren’t going to take the time to learn what they are making laws about they shouldn’t be allow (...)

The government doesn’t take cyber warfare seriously, and they won’t until something happens and they HAVE to take it seriously. 

Companies should be taking care of their people. Not the taxpayers job to fix it.

Focusing on cleaner fuels is good. Controlling emissions I don’t think is ever actually going to work. 

The middle class always gets screwed. I don’t even think anyone argues that point.

The India deal was the wrong message to send. A firm hand would have been a better approach regarding the matter.

Agreed wholeheartedly. Not exactly the greatest way to start the season.

Anytime taxpayers money is being spent by anyone in politics, it should be made available to the public. Every cent of it. To hide these ridiculous expenditures is just an embarrassment.

Bush was trying.

We rely on leaks!

It is an unwarranted step into people's rights. The government has no right to force us to pay for something that hardly helps in the event of an emergency anyways. The only people coming out on top of this are the insurance companies and the politicians w (...)

Transparency, an absolute requirement when it comes to taxpayer's dollars and politicians. I will always support this idea.

Bring back American jobs!

If they are illegal jail strikes, why isn't there a heftier punishment? Unions are about the money and power. Nothing like when they were first created.

I support the hard work put into making transparency a possibility in politics, specifically regarding NYC's budgeting and transportation.

I’m still torn up about losing Pluto. It will always be too soon.

I agree that government officials should be more transparent. 

We all know things need to change in how we treat our environment and everyone needs to do their part, it’s not just on a governmental level. 

I think that at the end of the day regulations to protect the environment should be shielded from commercial exploitation.

I agree. This ruling can keep a lot of people out of jail and given another chance. The judges should be given the chance to prove this can work for the better.

This is a bad idea and can only lead to big issues if persued.

I agree that it is the duty of rich nations to help those in need.

I agree with taking swift action when the lives of people are at stake.

I agree that reality shows nowadays take it too far with humiliating people for views.

I agree that if something begins to change, that is a good start. New officials should change the status quo. 

I think sometimes you do have to take a gamble, especially if you think it could actually help the political state.

I agree that one of the best ways to help students excel no matter the background is to have teachers who are better qualified. Also to set a standard that that helps children excel rather than just making it by.

I think that rules should be transparent and not benefit one side.

One you lose the moral high ground on something like torture its very hard to reclaim it

Strikes usually hurt everyone so they should only be a last resort

Industries that create the pollution in the first place, should be the ones that are made to pay for cleaning it up.This accountability should be legitimized through enforcing them through state laws.

Strongly biased, with just the right amount of ineptitude and ignorance. Crime rate is higher among day laborers such as this, and it's not because they're urinating in public. I believe the crackdown was/is the right thing, to take back some of the jobs f (...)

I agree that lobbyists have too much power. Bigger corporations and individuals with more money than integrity have plagued the political scene for too long. 

This country's prison system is not good. The justice system is very flawed.

This issue should be handled better. 

A program allowing the principles to retire on their highest salary year would be a great incentive for them to stay. Something should be done to keep the well experienced educators in the system.

As a nation ( and individuals), we are more reactionary than we should be as it relates to issues within our experience that we should have under our control. When the perceived threat happens, the "blame game" begins.

Saving the environment is essential to preserving the next generation's future here in the USA, and Mr. Pataki took great steps to make sure this happens.

Every American deserves to know where every single dollar is going when the government, state or federal, is spending it.

I never Judge Roberts and was not happy that he was nominated to sit on the Supreme Court. 

Combining the resources of two towns or separate neighborhoods, but not sacrificing their individual identities, is no small feat. But as the writer says, it is a step in the right direction.

Generally speaking, there are no ethics in US politics.

The chokepoints are evident in this situation. The best option is indeed to open up more exits to help alleviate this.

Any district in the US with a low crime rate should be praised for it's policing, not criticized.

There are persons who will be made to operate above the law - even if it means changing the law to suit them - just by virtue of their political influence, their economic status or their social or family associations; sometimes a combination of any or all  (...)

You can’t beat someone who isn’t fighting fair. You can only be prepared to defend yourselves.

There are issues at all levels but only one guy/program is ever going to take the fall. It’s the American way.

The office of president was obviously overwhelming for Bush, he focused on matters that won him popularity with the majority of US voters.

Nowadays news channels only report facts and in some case alternative facts that support their narrative.  There is no real news anymore.

Wolfowitz was a bad choice, given his affair with Shaha Ali Riza and appointing two former Bush Administration members: Robin Cleveland and Kevin Kellems as advisors on $250K tax free contracts.

Border disputes are always very controversial with all sides claiming legitimacy to their perceived borders. The Israeli/Palestinian dispute is so deeply entrenched in history, religion and politics that covert diplomacy will not be the fix. This peace tre (...)

At this point it was true that the Bush administration could not find the right 'man for the job'. 

The US has a track record of failing to look after people harmed by it's neglect or incompetence.

It takes more than words and policies to change things but it's a step in the right direction.

Illegal immigration continues to be a hot topic because the Bush Administration and any subsequent administration has failed to implement a real solution.

So why doesn't congress take back the power to spy on Americans?

This article supported my view of bad financial decisions that had previously been made by New York and other states. 

This article provided explanations for why no child left behind was a complete failure. 

I knew long pretrial detention was a serious problem in America but the foreign examples were new to me

Transparency is almos always good

Excessive force is evident in policing throughout the US, unfortunately, it seems that only video evidence is possible means to refute testimony.

The nations estate tax needs some work

It is often stated that the US has teh best healthcare in the world, in reality healthcare is only good if you can afford it.

I agree with the article, but it didn't provide any new point.

This article helps provide specific actions or inactions by Bush that resulted in the recession and fall of the dollar. 

Large corporations should not be supported by any government to escape their responsibilities to their employees.

This article provided examples of propaganda passed off as real news which i believe was and does continue to be a major problem. 

I think “only the best” may just mean people who try, can pass a drug test, and don’t abuse the system.

Okay I literally rolled my eyes. The dead may not want their pictures taken people and seriously presidents can’t win in these situations. If they show up they are taking away rescue workers and if they don’t they are heartless.

I agreed with the article that Wolfowitz was a bad choice. 

No fraud at the polls? That’s hilarious!

This article provided examples of why Justice Scalia is unreasonable in his assessment of the constitution and i strongly disagree with his opinions. 

This article provided examples of New York state’s fiscal mismanagement, solidifying my negative opinion. 

I agree, a properly drawn energy bill has the potential to do much good.

You know, Obama wasn’t really well known when we elected him to the nation’s highest office. Aren’t most government appointments made based on some form of nepotism? Come on now.

Continued investment into weapons development does nothing to further peace or diplomacy apart from on the terms of the person holding the greater weapon.

Almost every president appoints their “pals”. The media only says it like that when they don’t like a president. When it’s a president they like it goes “Title, good friend snd confidant” or something to that effect.

This article provided examples of why the treasury needed to be improved 

Rich prosper at the expense of others.

But some of the most deadly bombs have been made without chemicals. What about Oklahoma? Are you outlawing manure?

If you have nothing to hide, why is this a problem?

This article somewhat reinforced my existing beliefs of the problems associated with an almost entirely white police force in Long Island. 

But more Americans would have jobs if fewer things were made in China.

I have no respect for big pharma and would actively support anyone who can circumnavigate their patents legally.

Simple: The best cure for lung cancer is to prevent it, by not smoking.

Rove was clearly caught here and eventually resigned but repeatedly ignored subpoenas to appear before congress.

I agree that a strong nonproliferation policy is needed.

Okay maybe it doesn’t help but my stance remains. Torture doesn’t work because people will say anything to stop it or nothing until they die. If they talk you could waste time and resources chasing a lie. I feel like people given permission to torture must (...)

People will still disagree. If you have nothing to hide, why do you care?

I have known that Mr. Bush clearly had little respect for either the United Nations or international diplomacy in general long before he left office.

Okay I didn’t have a stance, but seriously the airline situation has been getting worse and slowest. I don’t even deal with flying anymore.

You cannot limit feee speech in any way because it is a slippery slope to taking away our rights. 

This ticks me off. 

This ticks me off!

Two terms is enough!

A bill like that could theoretically block a huge development over a sliver of land. That's ridiculous.

Good editorial about housing discrimination

We need more blue collar Americans.

Husband and I really need to fill out that paperwork.

I think that killing a disease spreading parasite is a good thing.

Pensions just as health care is a farce in the US, benefitting insurance companies more than the people.

Politicians are criminals prosecuting criminals.

He obviously has supporters. It’s a democracy so you can’t write him out of the race.

There is only so much you can do when one country won’t talk peace.

Unions apparently need better management 

I believe organizations should rely on a combination of government and private funding and always maintain alternate funding sources. 

Bush's inaction after Katrina was shameful and politically motivated.

This article provides examples of why police should absolutely be more carefully monitored. 

Provided information about the failings of state oversight and accountability that many states are lacking. 

The Bush administration was not strong with their foreign policy. 

United is a prime example of the outrageous breaks that congress gives to corporations without any accountability. 

The Bush administration failed completely at addressing global warming as this article illustrates. 

I agree with the article hag a unilateral agreement of banning space weapons is much safer than any alternative. 

I strongly agree with the article about providing more assistance to middle income filers and the article provides good examples of how the rich benefit from the tax system. 

The article reinforced my belief in the importance of public broadcasting. 

This article provides examples of the effectiveness of Brazil’s health program that saves lives and I oppose the US’ obsession with patented medicine for profit. 

This is such a huge problem and I don’t know why it hasn’t been addressed by now. Basic mental health care for all is something that needs to happen. 

It’s sad when people can’t even come together for something like a memorial without censuring each other. 

We elect officials who are supposed to have our best interests at heart and complain because politicians are not honest. Then we’re surprised when politicians manado ploicy choices. This is a great example.

I lived in California then. Smog was a problem and this was a good idea. I’m not sure how well it worked because people cheated constantly to not have to pay.

So called ethical objections to stem cell research are based in religion.  Until we take religion out of politics, human kind will never reach their full potential.

The eradication of civil liberties in the US and other western countries since 9/11 has essentially given the terrorists what they wanted to achieve.  Their actions were a direct attack on our a way of life and our freedom, and our freedoms were taken away (...)

Federal government tends to do nothing against state legislature unless under incredible public pressure, or unless the President has no other choice.

I agree that Europe and the US didn’t do enough to come to a solution about Iran. 

Governments should not be able to just lock you up without showing cause to a court, that's obvious in any society that claims to be free.

This article provided solid evidence against the contradictory standpoint that the Bush administration had about nuclear powers. 

This article provides a great alternative option to trade tariffs to keep job, something that is equally applicable today. 

I strongly agree that Mr Bolton is not a good candidate as exemplified by examples in the article. 

Judge Roberts did not deserve a nomination for the Supreme Court. While I liked Bush for the most part some of his choices really made me second guess his motives. 

It's not just airlines, anyone seems to be able to advertise prices that do not reflect reality, nowadays.

The only thing that makes an immigrant 'illegal' is the law.

Freedom of speech means you have to allow others to say what they feel, even if you don't agree with it.

Everyone is scared of the religious right in the US.

The rules on eminent domain need to be revised, they are commonly abused.

There should be a buffer between politics and policy

They don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings in an effort to stop drugs. They won’t let addicts who visit the schools in awareness efforts tell “scary stories”. Making kids thinner is more pleasing.

Read the last two sentences forever. Argument over.

We need to make sure the elderly have dignity 

Love this! I want to know what doctors get for prescribing as they do

The fact that there were so many arguments about how to create the memorial is disheartening. I feel like diversifying the memorial wouldn’t have been such a bad thing and would be a better example of America and our versatility. 

True to political form. You never know exactly who or what they stand for until they are already in office, then it’s too late. 

We can not remove the checks and balances of our government and expect it to run smoothly. All too often “activists” don’t even know what they are protesting and what would happen if it truly changed. 

The education system is so mismanaged and apparently always has been.

As a whole we need to be more conservative and mindful of the America that we will be leaving for our children. 

I feel like the government is thoroughly wasting money on these studies. Why would a country that is already trillions of dollars in debt spend 2-3 million more dollars on unnecessary studies? 

Self checkout is more prevalent than cashiers and there is something wrong with that. I don’t go to a store to work. I’m so tired from not losing it with a toddler and a list and things not on a list and now I have to do what your multi billion dollar won’ (...)

This article provides a good argument for more regulation on corporations and their pension requirements to ensure workers receive what they were promised. 

I think the Bush administration, as well as the current administration, have done horrible things to our economy by attacking Chinese trade, as illustrated by this article. 

They are letting people get sick! Who cares about a control group if taking out lumps that are precancerous is making sure that they aren’t cancer?

This article provides examples of why FEMA is mismanaged and why the leaders are not qualified. 

I agree strongly that Schwarzenegger does not have a firm stance on these issues nor is representative of the people. 

This article illustrates the problem with the racist and unconstitutional voter ID laws that are based on ridiculous notions of voter fraud that don’t exist. 

I know for a fact that private care patients can get the same meds cheaper. Me Medicare drug cost 400. Husband private or no insurance gets a coupon that makes it 20 or zero. This is bull and I could go for days.

This article reinforced my belief that the tragedy of Katrina floods could have been prevented by better infrastructure care and public management. 

I agree with the article that she was not qualified 

This article provided a lot of examples of bush’s Cronyism and how he chose such unqualified people for important positions. 

When it comes down to most Americans don’t hesitate to help others in need, it’s one of the reasons I love my country so much. Politics and differences aside we all work together quite nicely in the face of tragedy. 

Nuclear weapons just seem like a bad idea. So I guess Fat Man had to happen to end WWII but since then, they have kind of just been threats. Can’t we destroy them? We can always build a new one for WWIII.

The government couldn’t even take care of its people in this? They didn’t choose to,have their homes destroyed.

This is absolutely heartbreaking and something I did not know about Turkey, this article is prompting more research in hopes that Turkey has reformed thier response mental health. 

First off: protect the first amendment. Second: why are we worried about looking bad in Vietnam? I don’t think anyone is really proud of that.

Farmers literally are what keep the world alive by providing food, but businessmen get paid more than they do. 

This is infuriating, America is supposed to be by the people for the people no matter rich or poor we all get to vote. The fact this even came up in modern day America disgusts me. 

Instead of admitting it didn’t work, it continued funding a failed program. Hmm. 

At least it is a reminder of a physical presence. 

We still need tax reform, we also need to cut spending for debt reduction. Sadly I don’t see either happening anytime soon.

I have no kindness in my heart for these people. I don’t think they should live with people. There should just be a prison for them or something where they could never see the light of day.

I understand that Africa needs help. With America’s debt how much can we truly afford to send there until we crawl our way out from under the trillions we are behind? 

Perhaps penalizing large corporations that shed thousands of jobs may protect the workforce

While I’m not really a believer in abortion for myself, I truly feel like our government is overstepping bounds by attempting to set laws on what a woman can do with her body. 

I have no strong stance on this subject. 

We nee tax reform where all are taxed fairly, sadly I don’t foresee that happening in the near future. 

The the Family Health Care Decisions Act came in to effect in 2010.

Even now we all need to make changes to leave the world a better place for our kids. It’s disappointing that our government cares more about the almighty dollar than it does out enviroment. 

The US holds a bad environmental record.  A $12.5M out of court settlement definitely suggests that Cheminova worried a credible link between their chemical and the decline in the lobster population.

The patriot act is a huge pet peeve of mine. Most of the law makers did not even read it before voting and it saddle Americans with a whole lot of trouble. 

Manufacturers should take responsibility and active role in the environmental impact their products have.  This is good legislature.

This is a repeat of #80

I like his resourcefulness. If the government refuses to do what needs to be done to take care of the environment I feel the states should be allowed to take matters into thier own hands and force the issue. 

This is a repeat of #89 and #90

This is the swamp that is meant to be being drained.

It agrees with how I feel about violence in the middle east - also as my girlfriend is from Lebanon,  I have a personal interest in the conflicted area. 

I am extremely behind improved teacher training and valuing teachers' work. 

I agree with this article - there really is not enough transparency in government.  

I agree that the Sunnis need to take charge and make their own concrete proposals - otherwise nothing gets done. 

I agree that in order to make a change like this to work all of the groups need to be represented and given a voice.

It arms me with the facts of the current situation and strongly reinforces how I feel about the laughable Bush-administration.  

I highly support keeping the Hubble in service.  

I agree that a show of power or sanctions would not help the situation, diplomacy is the only way to go.

I support any legislation which supports the environment and moves us forward in this matter.

It supports my beliefs that further legislation is needed to support environmental polcies. 

PBS was a staple of my childhood education and I want arguments to protect it. 

I agree that the Hubble is too important to take so lightly and not treat it like the scientific gold it is.

I agree because it can help small businesses.

It reinforces my beliefs in foreign aid and vaccination - but nothing that dramatically affected my knowledge. 

I agree because it can be helpful to small businesses.

I believe the transparency is always the most important in government - as the government is employed by the people. 

I agree that running public broadcasting with political agendas behind the big decisions is definitely detrimental to the quality of programming. 

I agree that it is a step forward. Only the future can tell about the underlying reasons.

Regulation should still be kept at the status quo.  Deregulation would lead to the gutting of our forests and political mismanagement.  

The Supreme Court's rulings should not be undermined otherwise our system of checks and balances will be moot.  The last sentence solidifies that--see how it goes and if their ruling does not work out, then Congress has the opportunity to change it--after  (...)

The New Source  is geared towards improving air quality.  Both Pataki and Spitzer are tireless advocated of clean air for New York.  The editorial is informative about New Source and lays out how both men include clean air in their platforms.

Heads of state shouldn't remain heads of state just because. The article outlines WHY Chiraq wants this to pass.  He was corrupt and by becoming a permanent senator he will thinks he will avoid investigation and persecution.

I agree that Bush needed to improve the relationships with China, this article helps explain why 

Inauguration is a solemn ceremony to highlight our democracy and the president's role in it.  It is not a day to promote parry politics.  Bush's statement that day reinforces that by avoiding policies that isolated parts of the constituency.

This lays out specifics of HOW the United Nations can eradicate poverty without lining the pockets of the corrupt politicians that run those countries.  All the rich countries should do their part.  There is no reason why the US should not be in closer rea (...)

As always, I say politics and taxpayer's money should be scrutinized down to the last penny. Too much of it just disappears.

Our high schools are failing because our elementary schools are failing.  Retrain the teachers, rethink the high schools; provide technical training for those who are not interested in higher education. Not everyone wants to go to college.

Everyone deserves a right to vote in any election whether they happened to be displaced or not. The government has an obligation to the citizens to ensure that everyone has every opportunity to make their vote count. 

I dont think that this plan is right. Undocumented people should not be able to just get the visa. They should have come into America the right way. They snuck into this country and shouldnt not be able to get visas

It’s just another example of government officials misusing government funds and letting the important issues wait while they waste billions on frivolous junk. 

I don’t understand why new stadiums and parking for said stadiums would take any precedence over more important projects. It’s really quite ridiculous if you think about it. 

Democracy is supposed to be transparent and present.  By not being both, things stay stagnant and reform is absent. Bruno is defending the status quo versus championing progress. 

Democracy over dominance. Offering an olive branch and listening with an open mind is the only way democracy stands a chance. Otherwise the fighting will continue. 

This article reinforces my belief that republicans don’t care about people who need help the most. 

The history of the lack of negotiations and its effects make it evident that changes need to be made.  North Korea needed to feel like a priority and needed to be answered as such. Although we never want to entertain a dictator, you definitely do not want  (...)

This article helped clarify some of the benefits of stem cell research which I already support. 

The Hubble in itself is integral to our study and progress of what lies beyond us.  We don’t need a band aid and we don’t want to just disregard it and let it fall to disarray. That would be a greater loss than the cost incurred. 

This article explained how much easier the patriot act made getting the death penalty, which I oppose 

Using the example of white phosphorus, this article helps support my strong beliefs opposing the war in Iraq and how hypocritical the US actions were During this illegal and unethical war 

I’m not a huge fan of unions, but I agree he should have stiff fines or jail time for ordering illegal walkouts. 

This reinforced my stance in that it supported my belief in convress’ incompetence 

It is nice to know that debt collectors have their limits as well. Especially when it comes to disturbing your everyday life!

We have a lot of changing to do in this country, everyone should be treated as equal human beings. In America no one should have to worry about harassment due to their race. 

Every elected individual should be able to be deposed or recalled if those who elected him see fit. It is ridiculous that they have the power to ignore what the common people want, seeing as it was said common people who put him in that office in the first (...)

Why does the government have any right to tell us what size of house we can or cannot build? I understand the connection between self indulgence and supersizing lifestyles but housing? Noone has the right to tell you that you can't build a mansion.

The article reinforced the arguments for why the deposit is environmentally and citizen friendly.  However if the meeting has been in private, would that have even been taken into consideration? 

Sometimes certain parts of the government, state or federal, become so broken that it would be a disaster to try and fix the system. Sometimes a fresh start is the best answer available.

I strongly agree that the connection between large fund contributions from corporations to politicians is too high, and in my opinion should not be allowed at all. For a change, let the little man, the everyday American, be the only one electing someone in (...)

Blackouts in summer heat can kill people, I think that alone is reason enough to open the plant(s).

How about no campaign contributions from any business, and only from individuals. Limit it to the $2,100 for individuals. Let the people choose again!

Same editorial as the one previous.  Transparency ensures that the benefits to the environment and the citizens are being taken into consideration rather than their pockets. 

Thai article provided specific examples of the wrongness of NSA Spying on Americans. 

If every Democrat wants him to win so they can reap the spoils, that alone is definitely enough to warn competent voters off. 

I agree that Turkey needs to update their laws and this is a prime example 

The public school system can be fixed, and it shows promise. Increase incentives to faculty and pull in more teachers with better training.

Politicians should have no influence over LEO except in extreme emergencies. Anything else is clearly a violation of ethics policy.

The editor failed to take into account that building these schools in poorer neighborhoods won't necessarily give anyone a better chance. Who would teach there, who would guard the schools from crime? It won't change the lifestyle of some of the communitie (...)

You can’t overwork and underpay educators and expect them not to look for greener pastures. 

Every wilderness bill should be closely examined to root out instances like the Utah example. No corporation should receive incentives to not destroy what little wilderness is left in America.

Schools that constantly mismanage should be supervised by a higher office—regardless of racial demographics or educational proficiency 

We are slowly getting better about taking care of our enviroment but we still have a long ways to go when it comes to what we are leaving behind for our kids and grandkids. 

Agreed completely with this article. Turkey cannot be overlooked. They have sacrificed much for their support of the West and have suffered as a consequence.

All financial transactions that uses government funds made by any branch of the government should be completely transparent and teachable. It’s no wonder our country is in the hole so bad. 

We are slowly learning to live with nature but we need to be careful of sprawling housing areas that are taking over the farmland. We need farmland. 

Any reforms on the broken system of politics would be a great start. 

True to form, another branch of government mishandling finances and falling into uncontrollable debt. 

Sometimes energy requirements trump visual aesthetics. If the Coast Guard is okay with it, then it is good to go. 

I think in that richer countries should definitely have better systems in which to aid smaller countries.

I think that openness in government is the best way to keep the public's trust.

This article provided a good argument against using inmate populations to draw district lines 

The article provides reasons for why Americans need to understand savings and investing better. 

I agree that consumers deserve more transparency than this. 

Public broadcasting is an independent source of media. Sponsoring it through a trust versus the government ensures that it will remain independent and not swayed by those in Congress or the presidency. 

Just goes to show you how inefficient anything run by the government is. 

I agree with the editorial and it is presented in an interesting way that I wouldn't have considered on my own but doesn't really present any new information. 

I was unaware that the US did not even match 25% of its agreed upon foreign aid. It should not renege and match the obligations of other countries that reached an agreement. 

Though I do not like government, the environment is one of the areas I believe it should be involved. This example allows me to show a time in which environmental regulations worked positively. 

Transparency has opened the door to improved diplomacy. This article relays specifically how an open room and a meeting with more than three people in Albany has improved the local government. 

The article has provided examples of more unacceptable government waste and provides more detailed information to my point that the military spends too much money where it is not needed. 

Bolton is now in Trump’s cabinet.  Reading of his past actions and beliefs makes his current appointment even scarier. 

I was not for privatization but this argument lays out the misleading info that Bush was using to SCARE people.  Using the facts proves that the argument was deliberately misleading. 

There needs to be restructuring to ensure that gerrymandering is discontinued.  

It lays out just what is at stake and that rhe system is weighed in the Jets’ favor.  To be fair, the bidding needs to be done in s timely fashion and rezonknh should be available to everyone. 

Obviously the Freedom Tower deserves precedence over the stadium. I don’t know if the change in plans has anything to do with political ambitions, it may purely have to do with security measures which should come first. 

I was unaware of the corruption scandal before reading the editorial so it did not give really challenge or reinforce my views on that. It is another example of government inefficiency and waste. 

PBS should not be politicized.  The people Tomlinson want in charge of PBS are prominent people in the Republican Party. PBS would become synonymous with Fox.

I was unaware that there was such a great surplus during the Clinton administration. The fact that we went into such massive debt during the Bush administration is staggering.  Bring back the bond but curb borrowing as well.  

This editorial reinforces the need to vaccinate across the board. The repercussions that abounded spread globally affecting those who had been proactive in the first place. 

I appreciate the more holistic approach to immigration that is being suggested here. 

I generally feel that government is inept and corrupt even when led by politicians that I agree with politically. Mr. Pataki is no exception. The article would not dissuade  for voting for him as he pushes policies I agree with and can support. 

I believe really strongly in the availability of the morning after pill and that the FDA should do more to protect its accessibility. 

Student aid needs to go to qualified students

I agree that New York should have easier divorce laws. 

I agree that New York should have easier divorce laws. 

Some interesting points about property taxes...

Isreali settlements in Gaza and the West Bank are heavily getting the way of a peaceful solution. This editorial supports that point of view adding some extra information about the process of evacuation. 

I agree that Bush is obligated to help nigeria avoid a civil war 

I remember them taking forever to come up with a plan for ground zero and i think there should have been more meetings to come up with a solution faster. 

I agree that New York needs to update its laws on this matter. 

I am glad that there is research being done into lobster deaths and pesticide linkage. I think that more research in this area should be done before mass sprayings. 

Spot on analysis of Palestinian tactics

This article makes really good points about why the bottle return is best for the environment. 

This article makes really good points about why the bottle return law is best for the environment. 

Debates are largely dog and pony shows. A few good one liners doesn't change change that.

This article makes good points about why the bottle return is the best for the environment. 

Very good editorial about airline security

I think this is a really good idea to try to keep ticks at bay. 

I support this idea because i think that these methods of mixing old and young people are really effective and this article provides a good argument for why. 

Pretty good editorial...

This article helps support the argument about corruption and abuse of power in Washington 

I agree that the surcharges on energy bills should be forced to be used for better energy conservation initiatives. 

I believe judges should be appointed and not elected. This editorial reinforces this belief with examples I was not aware of (though I was already aware of more egregious examples). 

I believe religious symbols do not have a place in public life. This editorial provides clear reason why they shouldn't beyond my limited perspective that I disagreed with it. 

I completely agree that the status of state prisons for those with mental illness is atrocious and should be changed drastically.

The prison policies of the Bush administration in Iraq were pitiful and the article shows this. 

International diplomacy and co-operation are important even at the expense of occasional oversight by international bodies. The article points out a valid case for this that I had not previously considered


I was unaware of this particular story but also think it is good news when dictators are ousted and thin that European and American forces should promote democracy. 

I believe that laws should be put in place to stop gerrymandering. The amazing statistic from NY that I just learned illustrates why. 

National parks are important and need to be funded. This editorial illustrates the magnitude of the problem. 

The drug industry needs to be strictly regulated because even with regulations in place to protect the public, three of the biggest names are failing to do so. How do we know that their pharmaceuticals are safe? 

The IMF has the funds to support and raise these countries out of debt and not be negatively impacted. Unfortunately the greed of special interests groups has more clout than the lives of millions. 

I heavily agreed with the points made by the editorial. Separation of powers should be maintained and the behavior by the Senator is absolutely abhorrent. 

I believe in trade agreements. I was surprised to see that in 2005 it was the Democrats who were avid opponents of the trade deal. 

As we know, resources to investigate fraud of government assistance is minimal.  However, I did not that only 37 cases were found to be fraud when we know that that is not true. 

There is nothing new that I am unaware.  Journalists should not be forced to reveal sources if there is no threat or breach to national security.  There have been none to date and it’s not something that should be subjectively decided. 

I was unaware that the budget for security was so high and yet only a small portion was used. It is of utmost importance that we spend and do all we can do to protect those using public transit. 

Republicans either want to harshly remove immigrants, or keep them around for cheap labor.

Res. Bush's choice for officials has been ill chosen throughout his Presidency. We need someone in the UN that is ready to work on big changes, not someone who is dismissive of the importance of diplomacy in a time like this.


California has and will be a forward thinking state when it comes to environmental issues. The United States should follow suit and really understand the damage that we are doing to our one and only planet. 

The fact that John Bolton can disrupt the goals of the UN and make demands that he feel can be met immediately is frightening. Furthermore, his threats to hold up the 2 year budget until he gets his demands met doesn't seem ethical. 

The whole issue with our economy and the rich is that they are allowed to keep getting richer by such foolishness in our government. Why would someone who makes over a million dollars a year reap the most benefits which would then lead to cuts to necessary (...)

Politicians are always looking for more ways to line their own pockets as they say they want nothing more than reform. When it comes down to it the poor stay poor while the rich get richer. 

Climate change is something that all countries should be taking seriously. The developing nations need to be part of the equation to make a real difference for our world. 

As a member union myself, I know how frustrating it can be around contract time. However, I feel that Toussaint acted recklessly, especially when what the union workers were being offered was a reasonable offer. Furthermore, it affected so many people in t (...)

I feel that network neutrality is a bill that needs to pass in order to maintain fair business dealings. It is not fair for some companies the ability to get faster connections due to the fact that they have more money. 

I agree that Mr. Cooper was extremely resourceful in his lawsuit for the pollution being a nuisance and something needed to be done. It is sad that a government agency would actually being the one to cause the most amount of pollution and they didn't feel  (...)

The main take away from this editorial is a fact that people seem to miss. A healthy economy is one where people are working, earning a livable income, and putting that money back into the economy. Without a paid workforce, that can afford to spend their m (...)

As such a strong country, why is the US dependent on the good will and constructive behavior of Shiite fundamentalist parties.  It is also troubling to me how Bush is sharing nuclear technology information with other countries. 

Sometimes the person who is the best for the job, in this case Mr. Green doesn't have the best personality. That doesn't mean they don't know how to get the job done and in this case fight for the consumer. 

I think the movement to ban sugary drinks and sweets form schools is a bit over kill. I think having all options available is important. I agree with the editorial that food and obesity is the trending battle and that people need to focus more on drug abus (...)

I feel that of all times this is the time when New Orleans needs a strong leader and now. The election should not be allowed to continue to be pushed back when there are pressing issues to be figured out. 

I feel that it is important for New Jersey to have its own Sunday editorial as one that focuses on the issues in their state. 

This editorial gave me the names of associations that are making big donations to political "housekeeping" accounts and essentially buying politicians and future  policies. 

I do not understand how politicians are able to pass a budget with so much money being listed as  "line items."  It seems to me to be unethical and it would possibly lead some to be tempted to spend on other unimportant things or pad their pockets with it. (...)

A team such as the Yankees with millions and millions of dollars should be able to pay their own way and not depend on a state budget to build a new stadium or for transportation.

This editorial made me feel outraged at the lack of care and support someone who risked their life to help others has received by our country. These people may not be military but they sure as heck have face horrors and sacrificed their own wellbeing for t (...)

Americans these days seldom take care of their old and elderly. They place them in nursing homes that run up outrageous bills. Not only should they continue to provide care for the poor and elderly, they should rework the medical system as a whole so that  (...)

I love the idea of a bill that would force drug companies to reveal who the doctors are that are receiving all their gifts to push their medication on the poor and sick of America. 

I agree that the points this author makes are essential to reaching a state's budget and all are beneficial to all involved. 

It is always a bad scenario when the people in charge have no previous experience and refuse to listen to the people who do. 

We cannot expect children to excel and learn in school when their basic needs are not being met. Our social services are failing our children as much as anyone else. 

I think it is important that Hevesi was appointed to monitor these authorities and I agree that transparency is the solution. 

Years after this article was written and the problem is even worse.  No one who is in a position to change this wants to.

We all need to except that regular everyday private citizens are not doing half as much damage to the earth as large corporations. Until they commit to doing more to save the planet there is little that the regular person can do. 

I feel that this lawsuit was justified and the Latino people were discriminated against in many different arenas in this town. 

New York's finance laws without a doubt need to be reformed. No politician should be allowed to use funds to pay for trips or personal items. It seems like there needs to be a complete overhaul. 

It seems that another big box company has taken away from their workers to line their own pockets. Walmart should be able to pay their employees a living age, supports their elderly employees, and reward their full time employees. Not disrespect, underpay, (...)

There should not be a freeze on the school districts especially the poorest ones. These Abbott schools should not have programs cut and I feel that there will be continued progress. 

Education and the education field is getting tougher in all areas. Good principals are essential to the success in a schools' staff which then equates to students success. 

I feel Mr. Pataki has made important suggestions and implemented many great ideas related to clean air and mercury. Other politicians, especially Republicans, need to take note and follow suit. 

I couldn't agree more that there should not be any types of budget changes without the consent of the legislature. 

I like this idea of sharing services while remaining individual entities and towns.

The Congress intentionally fed the fear of China one-upping us, causing a culture of mistrust and fear. The same thing is still happening. 

Doing what we can for the environment is a bigger win in the long run than just making money off of commercial ventures.

Someone who has a record of making bad decisions concerning other countries should not be given a role as big as a United Nations seat.

I agree that a close eye should be kept on lobbyists.

I agree that a lot of time government officials use numbers in a way to scare people into buying into their plans even if those numbers actually mean something different.

The mentally ill should be treated in facilities designed for them.

The US has lost its way with immigration policy.  The right push a narrative of endangering jobs and soaring crime rates, the left are inactive on the issue. 

A real solution would include a benefit to the people who contribute to lowering emmissions.

I think that if events like these occur then there should be no one turning a blind eye. Change needs to happen.

There has been talk of campaign finance reform for years, but nothing happens.  Why?  Because the lawmakers are the ones who benefit.

$688K for a self promoting 150 page report?  Shameful! 

These kinds of payouts to 'civil servant' is ridiculous and a blatant waste of tax payer's money.

NASA has often been the victim of politics.

Drug use among students is at epidemic proportions throughout the US, but very little seems to be done about this growing issue.

There are many forgotten heroes from 9/11 and I agree that taking care of them is a national obligation.

Change from the status quo can be a good thing. 

This is not right. I dont understand all of the details to this. But I think that the president should have taken the time to meet with her. Her son was good enough to give up his life for this nation and the president cant even take the time. What a disgr (...)

We need America to become "a stronger" place by avoiding these crises.

Sharon is a champion for Israel and is willing to take risks to ultimately benefit the people of Israel.  He has proven his position.  Conservative action at this point would be a step backwards. 

It details Betsy’s experience and accomplishments. It gives good reason as to why she should be re-elected. 

Disclosure is of the essence and obviously displayed with this young man’s life.  It should not be considered proprietary. As we put warnings on cigarettes and other products, the same should be done for medical devices. 

I was unaware of some of the obstructions and costs set in front of people so they would not vote. Reform needs to be made to ensure that all get to vote without costing them a penny. 

I think that the site of the World Trade Center is very important. This site deserves the attention just like the stadium.

I concur, the nation does need a better way to pay for elderly care that is not at risk of cuts.

It should not be possible for any no-bid contract to be awarded by anyone using public funds.

Education, just as healthcare, should have limited government control.  A budget should be awarded and the business of running them should be left to the experts.

This is not right. This is so wrong. Police in this nation need to get it together.

I think that it is crazy how these people lie and cover up their money spending. There is so much like this going on in the world. Not just this one thing.

I think that this country needs to do whatever to help protect their citizens. I think that people should not have to be scared to get old. Like worry about how they are going to make it in their later years.

Something needs to be done to better protect the children of this world. These children are helpless when it comes to the abuse. We have to do better. These abused childrens lives depend on it.

We need to do better for the people suffering from mental illness. 

I think in the fight against cancer, and the desire for early screening CT scans sound promising. I agree that further research should be conducted to guide practitioners. 

I agree that to settle our position and potential withdrawal from Iraq both the republicans and democrats will need to evaluate their stances and communicate with each other. 

The pharmaceutical companies lobbying strength prevents any politician from doing anything that would benefit the people paying for the very expensive drugs. 

These documents should be made public. The government is here to protect and serve the people, and not control. CIA agents should not be doing anything to prisoners that would be so heinous that they would need to be absolved from the actions. 

Drugs should be thoroughly tested before being approved.  This shows another reason why— not only for safety purposes but to ensure that its potency is worth shelving older drugs. 

This rings a familiar sound—Trump and his tributes to President Javkson, calling Nazis very fine people. This just serves as further proof that we need to distance ourselves from what we once considered victories, yet were blights in our history. 

Cheney til this day defends the torture of the terrorists held.   However I was unaware that he championed this cause against the globe. 

The strikers should not have to be fined wages.  It takes a lot to actually teach that point and the negotiators need to take that into consideration. 

The editorial was very informative about the demographics hardest hit and the cost.  The simplest answer with the greatest impact would start with knowledge. 

I was unaware of just how unrelenting lobbyists were and how much they lined the pockets of the politicians.  

I did not know that this happened in other countries to such an extent. It’s bad enough over here for those who are unable to pay fines or bail. 

These specific examples are exactly why transparency is needed. 

Informative as to why transparency is necessary and ways to implement it. 

It is unfathomable to think parents cannot be privy time their adult children’s medical records and decision is times of emergency. Since such a small percentage actually have a proxy, there needs to be a stipulation. 

The editorial detailed how wetlands benefits both the environment and society.  These are details that are good to know when arguing for environmental protection.  

Almost the same exact editorial as two previous.  It is necessary for there to be a loophole in which relatives, and more importantly, parents can review their children’s records and make decisions in such dire times.  

It’s importabt to not let religious values get in the way of successful health-related programs. 

Affordable housing is necessary.  Affluent towns need to be held accountable for their racial and economic steering. 

This MAGA policy has been around all these years. Trump just gave a name and legitimacy to it.  

American infrastructure is underfunded and ignored. This puts a price on it. 

This occurs in Illinois as well.  The fact that this occurs in Connecticut as well strengthens my stance. 

Democrats seem to be from this editorial more humane when it comes to the treatment of immigrants. 

Politics and money never belong together without the public being immediately involved and completely informed.

Says a lot about the democratic party that they are dragging their feet on this while the republicans are pushing for it. 

Russia is one of the greatest threats to America, and to the world. We should all hope that Russia manages to find her freedom once again. 

The Trump situation is very similar.  He lauds tax cuts for all but in essence it’s for the rich and corporations. 


Pres. Bush is disinterested with anything that is not providing him with increased income. He can not see the damage in Iran. But also, it is not his place to put timelines down for the Iranian President. They need to learn to run their own country and ask (...)

I agree that the Katrina victims were not treated correctly. I especially agree that they the Gov should had enlisted the Department of Housing and Urban Development to release Section 8 housing for the whole country to Katrina victims so that they were no (...)

This editorial reinforced my stance that we need way to increase diversity within our schools, work places etc. By using diversification we will better server our children. 

Helping countries to govern themselves by supporting the countries surrounding them is a good plan. Having an open mind and working towards resolution is important in Iran. But this may just be a talking head. 

The gov. should combine the two agencies. All of the food that is eating in our communities should be checked in the same systematic way to prevent food born illnesses. The budget should be even split between the two fruits/veggies and meat. 

The government is overreaching by using a subpoena to get access to a document just because they don't want the info linked. They are aware of the info in the doc and don't want anyone else to know it. That does not warrant a subpoena.

Quality trumps all else.  Obviously the quality of the teacher dictates how children will learn. 

I agree that anything that can be done and will actually work needs to be embraced by the Iraqi people, backed by American know how and implemented carefully.

I trust the numbers as they explain both sides (liberal and democrat) and offer a sensible solution through a tax increase. 

The collect calling system is a sham. It robs the already poor and prevents those who want to speak to their loved ones from doing so. There needs to be a different system implemented that would be fair to everyone, no kickbacks or commission to the prison (...)

The Israelis have to protect themselves on all fronts. This is unfortunate that there is no reprieve for them. 

Putin is not to be trusted.  This is just one more reason why. 

Always anti abortion. And partial death abortions are despicable.

If the United States or the UN for that matter want to enforce or command movement from another country to help those in Darfur then they need to be prepared to really take action, and not use open and backless threats as they are not working. 

The underdog should not give up, as the editorial proves. He may not win because the cards are stacked against him and he doesn’t have another chance for another debate. 

Net neutrality should be a basic right. The internet needs to maintain its status as a free thinking, flowing entity to allow for everyone the opportunity to get ahead in America. Not only those who are already wealthy and established. 

We have to find a way for all of our intelligence agencies to work together cohesively if they are to support the United States in the issues here and abroad. 

TSA is our first and last step of security when going on a plane. Whatever we need to do to ensure safety is not an inconvenience. 

This editorial is another example of small town politicians trying to overstep boundaries and bring their hateful agendas to fruition. 

The infrastructure in the US is deteriorating. Here is another specific example of such that needs to be brought up to date. 

Branson's suggestion does nothing to allay my doubts that his proposal was just money motivated, how many private jest has this hypocrite flown during his billionaire lifetime or are there really scheduled flights to his private island?

If precedent is to decide every case, how will things ever improve?

Huge corporations will continue to put profits before employees until government prevents them from doing so.  We're meant to have a government of the people, by the people and for the people, but the last part seems to commonly forgotten.

Obviously putting innocent people to death should be opposed by the international community, however, the US can hardly claim that executing the wrongly convicted is something that doesn't happen here, so how can we take the moral high ground?

Politicians will not readily pass into law bills that will seek to threathen the status quo

The seeming battle between the protectors of intellectual property and the creators of varied artforms on the one hand and the consumers on the other has always been one that is split right down the middle. While there is a valid argument for accessibility (...)

Non-invasive scans are fantastic medical breakthrough, I hope, in time, that the technology will aid the advancement in diagnosis so the problem of 'needless biopsies' and 'needless surgery' will reduce.

Whatever they ended up doing certainly didn't work.  The international community always stands by with pathetic diplomacy or sanctions that goes nowhere until war becomes inevitable.  With North Korea, it may eventually result in the end of us all. 

The troops didn't leave.

I feel it is correct that corporations and the government work together to develop residential areas.  This article demands social responsibility from all parties. 

I feel it gave me concrete logical examples to use in an argument with someone who would support Bolton. 

Lobbyists run congresses - I've known this for some time and am confident that they will continue to do so. 

I feel strongly about foreign aid and felt this article made arguments I agree with. 

I find fairness in voting (and fair representation) is essential to democracy.  How representatives can unfairly draw the map is beyond my understanding. 

Transportation Systems need full backing.

Obesity is a big issues and needs creative answers.  I think the money used from the taxes could be put into preventive measures. 

It shows how republicans try to label any public tv shows as "leftist". 

The Bush administration took a massive surplus and ended with a huge minus + 2 wars.  End of story. 

Politics getting in the way of progress - standard. 

Powerful interests will always argue for their case irrespective of the impact on the populace. Additionally, not because something is bad for you means that there will be enough deterrent in political or economic society to lobby that position

I like the arguments for providing jobs in central america and telling the american industry to get itself together and improve. 

the Pharma industry does what it wants - there is very little control and these are just further arguments to prove this point. 

I felt it gave a good solution and suggestion that is again stopped by special interest groups. 

Dem or Repub - dont let politics trump logic. 

There needs to be court approval for any and all wire tapping. They are encroaching on our civil liberties, listening to personal conversations with no just cause. 

I agree that it will take diplomatic movement to ban the building and use of antisatellite weapons. 

If there is no research to back the idea of global warming then there is no need to worry about it according the GOP.  We need to get the information and we need the gov's backing to be able to know the extent of global warming. 

After 9/11 they put so many different safety things in place, uncalled for and unfounded, but refuse to do things that would actually protect the people. 

Medicaid cannot be cut.

It simply adds to my belief that journalists need to be protected at all costs. 

I have trouble trusted Chinese interests.  This article confirms these beliefs. 

I agree with any policy that ends the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands. 

Bush may have not gone about it the best way, but at least he tried. That's a whole lot more than what Obama can say. 

Perfect example of misguided leadership. Listen to the experts, not the politics.

Our liberties continue to be slowly eroded since 9/11

"Victims of election eve politics". What a laugh, they aren't victims of anything other than the truth finally coming to light.

There were weapons in space before the Bush administration, put there by far more dangerous superpowers.

States need to take charge when the Feds do not.

Better to build the much needed structure than to waste 230 million. 

Israeli troops need to get out of Gaza and the West Bank - a vote to support him now would make sense.

Simply her support of meals on wheels had me - a massively important program. 

Should have a government agency dedicated to protecting the lower political individuals, not constantly hiring outrageously expensive companies.

The fear of nuclear reactors is much greater than the danger of nuclear reactors. 

Day laborers, even if they are legal citizens, don't help the economy any.

I find it to beyond troubling that these credit card companies offer cards to people and families that are already in debt. Many offer cards with too high of credit limits and many of people do not read the fine print or know the exact amount of interest t (...)

I have a friend who works for the government and she is in constant fear of a shutdown because that means she does not get paid. I think that Beck's idea of continuous meetings about the budget is a great solution so lawmakers aren't waiting until the last (...)

Just another example of wasted taxpayer money of an inefficient government. 

Cutting the funding to guaranteed to support long shot chances are bad politics, just looking for the vote. 

the 2000 election was a farce and this article describes why. 

solid numbers regarding why new drugs are not significantly better but cost more. 

Finish what you start before branding it a failure.

I feel that this law hurts those who are most in need.

The people of New Orleans are struggling and there needs to be a plan put in place to rebuild.  They have had enough time to meet and discuss and think of possible options.  There are too many still without jobs and it seems to me that the future of this c (...)

I agree that Iraq could have better been sorted out by a lot more tolerance and understanding as this article suggests. 

Dick Cheney has nothing but tarnished America's reputation across the world - this article just points it out again.

Journalists need to be able to report freely - as long as their information is accurate. 

Torture is wrong - nothing about it.  This article calls out the Bush administration exactly how it should. 

I definitely agree that the state falls short in their care for the mentally ill and this article helps provide an argument for a better program. 

I agree that the U.S should worry about the future if China will no longer need to buy treasuries.

Health and exercise options to battle diabetes is simply smart and cost-effective. 

I agree that Bolton was a terrible U.N. ambassador and the US should have been making more of an effort to win the support of the UN

Lobbying simply is the death of democracy in the USA.

California should be especially vigilant about preventing global warming because of their agriculture and production overuse of resources. 

I agree that he state should help support hospitals. 

Campaign financing is a big issue. I didn’t know this about New York’s limits but it makes a strong case for the need for campaign financing reform all around. 

I agree with the articles suggestions to constrict celebration, especially in hindsight given what happened next to the economy 

If we want ex felons to be able to return to society and actually be active and helpful part of society we do ABSOLUTELY need to allow them to get assistance like Pell grants. 

We need a system of checks and balances to prevent lobbying and other unethical events in our political houses. 

Democrats should push to increase the social safety net, especially with help insurance and increase wage assistance for displaced workers.

Giving an adult rape victim the morning after bill should be allowed EVERYWHERE ALL THE TIME! There should be no reason to deny them that form of care. 

Swift decisive action to decrease emissions by the large corporation will slow global warming. We need this action to be taken. 

I don't think it is Americas place to tell other countries what they NEED to do. We need to help, support, and mentor to other countries. 

We should work from a place of negotiations and compromise instead of telling other countries what to do or face the consequences. 

We need to find a way to keep Americans employed even with the increases in technology in the automotive  department. 

Powerful parties have more rights than regular people. 

A full environmental impact assessment would be important before any work was done on the Casino. But I think a casino is a pretty good idea considering people are going to gamble anyway.

Richer countries often have strings attached to "aid". 

States should be held accountable for the monies that they receive. 

No one should received funds from anyone that has a direct interest in whats happening, and we need to get state workers pensions safeguarded. 

Everything is not being done to support American troops as they return home from war. The American system is send them off, break them, bring them back and forget about them. I am not surprised by anything in the editorial.

Democrats need to work together to push for the removal of American troops, to deescalate this war. 

New York needs to join the rest of the nation in no-fault divorces. 

New York needs to catch up with the rest of the country and do away with no-fault divorce. it just causes damage, finger pointing, and endangers women. 

Some aspects of this deal just seem unfair and the outcomes are very predictable. The cities and people can suffer because of it.

It reinforced my thought that with the increaaingly high rates of obesity we need to do whatever we can to help. This article gives information on an alternative that can really help.

In situations where the students' futures are threatened the state needs to definitely step in.

I think that projects like ground zero should be more of a priority compared to a football stadium.

I agree that we should keep political squabble out of public broadcasting.

To gain favour for their interests, politicians will use legitimate and urgent issues to disguise their own interests

I think the government should admit their faults so they public will trust them and if they have a chance tl make a deal that would help everyone, they should be transparent with their reasoning.

Republican tax policies oftentimes seem to favour the rich at the expense of the poor

This organization has helped many.

I think the politicians should unite to create a great museum instead of fighting for power over the exhibition.

I think that even these steps will lead to even bigger change in the Palestinian and Jewish relationship.

I am always pro things that will help the environment in the long or short run. Having government buildings change the fluoresent lightbulbs is a great change. 

I very strongly agree that there is no winning in Iraq, pulling out and leaving it be is the closet thing to winning we can do for our military.

The Micronesian and Caribbean Challenges are great to preserve the water.

I agree the more of the same old people in office limits ideas and newness. 

I think that with deals like this, the benefit of the workers should definitely be taken into account. 

I think it is a great idea to tighten the rules and to make everything transparent.

I think that if the deal can possibly help a lot of smaller countries than the President should indeed push for it.

I agree that when the stakes are high and payoff is positive, the representatives should let it go.

I think if the plan benefits everyone and the city in the long run than it's a good one overall as long as they keep their promise to compensate those people.

A state's budget can be in disarray for many reasons. Urban schools that are special needs should not have to compete with more affluent schools. Furthermore, there should be accountability and a series of checks and balances with spending. 

I think that so many politicians are elected into office based on their platforms and beliefs that they state are important to them. However, I feel that once they are in office many do not follow through on what they were elected to do. 

If the U.S holds the most money then it can basically sway the outcome every time which is not okay.

I agree because it is simply wrong to be a health insurance entity but to bend to corporations while damaging the lives of the people. 

I agree that journalists should not be charged for something like this. Maybe we should the boundaries ckrs=

Either get lobbyists out of government or government out of healthcare.

There is a lot the city can do for riders to feel safe.

I agree that if the same issue becomes a reoccurring thing that NASA needs to stop everything and not risk lives until they have positively fixed it.

I think that China is no longer a mid tier country and now has a hold on the U.S. This needs to be acknowledged because the U.S cannot easily win out against China anymore and has to deeply think before any action.

I agree that this is just a firat step and there is still much to be done.

The administration has to begin to wholeheartedly take global warming as seriously as states and the public for the sake of the country and the world.

I think that change comes with the times and this is an example of that.

Immigration will never be reformed in the US.

I agree that Betsy Gotbaum is the best candidate because even with a limited budget she still fights for those who need the most help.

I agree that if a consensus is reached on the physical aspects then people should now focus on the mental aspects suffered by the people in those areas.

These companies should be held accountable when they thoroughly fail those who rely on them to survive.

Whatever agreements are made or sanctions are put in place, ultimately they will not resolve the situation.  They never do.

Nothing is finished until the last vote is counted. A candidate should never risk the legal fallout.

Does it really matter on which administration is in the white house, this appears to be an un-resolvable problem that will never go away.

I think that we should never pass mandates that would make it harder for people to fulfill their constitutional rights.

I highly agree that they should always make sure the new generation of drugs improve upon the predecessors.

We never know what events lead people to their current financial situations and we should never assume or disregard.

I think that a move like this does the opposite of what was intended and ruins any progress made over the years.

As President one should be able to do the simplest efforts of diplomacy and also maintain one's cabinet in check during international events.

They want to constantly hush the messenger but the issues won't just go away that easily. 

Before we start telling someone else how to clean their homes, we should ours first.

I agree that both sides were wrong in some aspect.

They shouldn't just wait for things to get worse.

I agree if change is to happen with lobbying, all of the aspects of enforcing lobbying rules need to be reevaluated. 

This is a tragic occurrence that benefits no one.

I think everything should ne revealed and be transparent especially where government funds go.

If the old way is clearly not working something has to change. Changing the system is what is needed. 

It is truly detrimental to keep act like this from moving forward. If other states have already passed similar laws then what is stopping New York?

This environment factor should not be seen as trivial.

This should have been and should be a cause for concern. It's nothing more than theft.

This is such an important piece of legislature that needs to pass. If other states have done so already then so should New York. 

The education system needs to be worked on, in a major way. The schools aren't the problem, its the educators.

I strongly support this. 

I think after all that Iraq has been through it deserves a leader willing to help change a long for the better.

If they are in the bay, they deserve to be there. Terrorist activities forfeit the right to legal representation.

I think the government should rely on it's health professionals for health issues and not their own ideologies. 

I disagree completely with this article. It is wholly bias. The only reason minorities are affected more is because minorities are responsible for more crime in the US.

Smart growth, the perfect idea. Now to see if it can actually be carried out.

All of these items are wonderful ideas. Necessary as well, if Americans are to finally gain control over politicians. 

The government has no right to tell cities, towns, how to use their land. Low income housing has a higher crime rate for sure. If they dont want that, they shouldn't be forced to do that.

I agree that this housing issue should have been resolved a long time ago.

The hub needed this, and still does. Put aside political differences, and do what you're elected to do. Make a positive change in the community.

It's infuriating to think that a country that includes a motto to welcome immigrants has places in it who are disgustingly xenophobic.

I do agree that colleges should revamp programs to help students who might not do as going forward.

I highly agree that the promises should be kept. The people will stop trusting if they don't get reimbursed. 

I think that that a lot of families are struggling and if they stay in that struggle the country as a whole will will suffer.

I completely agree that the U.S is far behind in education compared to other powerful countries. There should be a unified standard and states that cheat the system should see federal consequences.

I agree highly agree that having great teachers changes matters no matter the financial demograpic of a school.

I agree that fair mapping should be a focus. Cheating the system by modifying maps is just wrong.

Fair mapmaking will put an end to cheating the system by some politicians. 

I agree that Israel should watch they responses because normal Palestinian citizens will just see them as evil for their actions that end up killing innocent people even if they are just answering the provocations of the Hamas.

I agree that Russia needs to understand what they can and cannot do in order to enter world trade organization.

I agree that a united force is needed showing that it is a united issue instead of just Israel looking like bad guys who are just killing innocent people.

I would rather be safe and carry less than risk it.

I agree that if he wants everyone to play fair, he should instead make it about helping immigrants and bring things out in the open rather than launching an almost manhunt.

I agree that the system needs to be brought into the 21st century.

I agree that the U.S should help when needed and speak up when needed.

I completely agree that holding someone before trial should be illegal - however the suggestions made were not very convincing. 

transparency in government spending is essential to democracy - this is a bipartisan issue. 

It was very well organized into specific arguments.  It helps me to argue the points further in future conversations. 

It doesnt help me argue but I strongly feel that wills should be required by the state.

Wetlands (and environmental bills) consistently are more important in the long run of humanity.

I agree strongly with the opinion of the author, but do not feel I can better argue my point about it. 

It made good points that abstinence-only education as a prevention for AIDS is simply ineffective. 

Great editorial on the ridiculousness of a pointless nationalistic law wasting taxpayers money. 

A working rail system (public transit in general) is a requirement of a country like the usa.

Not trusting the government is simply an american standard - we need to be better. 

I feel big initiatives often become small changes because people are afraid of taking the responsibility at the higher level. 

Teaching teachers is the best and really only way to improve the education in the country. 

Gerymandering - next to money in government - is the most corrupt concept. 

gerrymandering along with money in politics is what corrupts the most. 

Israel acts too often in a way that makes it look like a bully.  If it is a good state - it needs policy changes. 

Nothing too new about Russia- but informative arguments about Gazprom. 

It draws out important aspects of the conflict.  I don't want the USA physically interfering - but they need to keep Israel in check diplomatically. 

I support ideas that increase public transit and get cars off the road. 

America has one job - and that is to help negotiate peace - through talks, not through violence. 

This immigration reform is ridiculous. We need to allow people in not based on their potential value to our society, it was like there millions of people would have died over the years. 

It's naive to believe that the 'greatest country in the world' supports its citizens when needed.  It's every man for himself. 

Higher taxes on the rich simply make sense. 

clear and concise.  The deposit will bring in more valuable income and is in no way a tax.

I do think social programs for the poor should be in place.  

I find it good that schools are public dollars are held accountable. 

The poorest people are always hit the hardest.


Stabilizing or even reducing emissions with our current technology is a goal that everyone should be carefully working on. 

The city should not be responsible to pay for corrupted work and services or individuals who were in on a corrupted deal. 

Without obvious results it is time to pull out and end this war so that American troops can come home. 

With all of our technological advances we should be able to track votes and confirm voting stances for each and every American. 

The budget committee is where good bills go to die. 

The internet can be amazing if people use it wisely. Children and adults should be made aware how dangerous it can be. 

I strongly support all of these motions. 

The military needs to raise its standards, badly. It's currently a disgrace to those who have served before.

Treated them abusively? We are all independent humans, how embarrassing is it that we can't make our own adult choices and look at the weather before hand.

Do what must be done to terrorists to keep this country safe.

My solution to illegal immigrants? Ship them back.

He deserved what he got. Gun control is no control.

Credit is a joke. It requires too much work just to be damaged so easily.

Lining pockets is s big problem
In government. This exemplifies one of the many ways it is executed. 

The statistics reinforce that the poor are in a tenuous position and that without sufficient programs there is little possibility of escaping poverty. 

Republicans often are self-serving and sell themselves as the party for middle class, but it looks like it hasn’t changed. 

This reinforces my stance that there needs to be strict environmental protections, not only for the sake of our environment but for humanity. 

Like the DOJ, Parks needs to be run apolitically. It’s very disheartening that politics play a part in every department. 

Candidates should actually run for office to put policy in place.  And all candidates should have opponents to ensure that their campaign is run seriously and they must hold to the campaign promises. 

The rights afforded to us under the constitution and bill of rights only exist until a government decides that they do not apply. 

Today, the administration accuses the media of fake news.  This sounds look Iraq in 2007.  

This explains in detail what practices are undertaken with buyouts to benefit the old-boy network. 

This reinforces the goal for a fact checker that accompanies such media so voters can see through the lies and fallacies purposely spread. 

This tactic is nothing new and we saw this in the last election. In danger of losing, the Republican Party calls foul. 

Both parties need to be honest and stop catering to their bases if anything is truthfully to be accomplished. 

It’s sad to note that the same old battle continues. Voter registration should not be a partisan issue. 

We have to play hardball with Syria. This continues today. 

I was unaware that those with an income of 100,000 dollars or more get larger grants than lower-income students. Schools need to make it more affordable for them instead of catering h to the richer. 

Just let the truth come to light for all to see. Protect project sunlight, finish it.

We must be diligent in defending our environment. I was unaware that the EPA was not the greatest advocate for global warming. 

Get rid of the illegals. They only damage the county.

The AEC badly need to be revamped. 

I strongly support Mr. Spitzer's actions. Its a shame when the fair option is the unpopular option.

This calls into question the motives of those in power. For such a program to succeed, partisan politics at be put aside. 

Definitely need to follow up with other offices to see what else is being lost in the broken system. We, the people, deserve better.

Good ideas, sure, but need to be careful to watch the crime rate.

The fees are a great idea. Build up the public transportation system with that money, and get people more active, healthier, as well as clean up the air.

NYPD division specifically for these crimes. Stiffer punishments. Start with day... Life in prison.

They should do this in every state.

Oversight to prevent bad judgment and mismanagement is of the utmost. This scandal solidifies that stance. 

Perfect example as to why laws need to be amended to avoid such miscarriages of justice. A child should not suffer because of a poor law.  

Doctors as well as anyone got thst mayyer, perform better when rewarded for good behavior. Tying payment to quality is desirable. 

I agree that environmental protections need to be upped. Unfortunately Republicans like that of 2007 are the se when it comes to this issue. 

I was unaware of this issue. Jobs however need to keep their salaries in line with cost of living 

The facts at the beginning of the editorial reinforce my stance regarding emissions. 

There should be no previous agreement that the government will not bargain for better prices with big pharmaceuticals. This is not in the best interest of the American people. 

I believe that developments should take into consideration the desires of the constituents but should not cower to them. 

We should have technology to protect fliers. However I do not believe people should be able to opt/buy out. 

A reasonable timeline should exist and the zotesufrby should try to work with its limitations. 

All advocates of possible advocates of climate change should be embraced. Although Dingell doesn’t see eye to eye on all issues regarding climate change, it’s best to work with those who can be persuaded. 

Tax cuts cannot reduce the deficit. This is obvious. 

In the city of Chicago, principals are responsible for their school budgets. I have seen principals be stingier with whom they higher. It needs to go a step further where principals and their autonomy is dependent on the quality of their teachers. This wil (...)

This is exactly what I explained my stance to be a few editorials previous. This editorial serves as a reinforcement. 

I agree with what Spitzer aims to accomplish. By freezing payments, he forces hospitals and nursing homes to be more thoughtful and frugal with their budget. 

It gives solid arguments explaining why protectionalist policies are ineffective for long-term US growth. 

I think it cuts to the core of business environmental practices - if you dont get caught, it's not a problem. 

It pointed out one important message - politics need not take precedence over environmental causes.   

I feel the majority of people have the choice to gamble or not - although addiction is a sickness.  Giving them access does not take away choice to participate. 

Very well thought out and organized points.  I liked it very much. 

It shows how corrupt the US has let Iraq become. 

I find mergers mostly benefit the top management. 

American claims to be of a higher standard of justice - then it must act so.

I would love for negative and false ads to be stopped.  

The judicial branch should be above reproach and be above any behavior that reflects impropriety. Why this is even an issue is beyond me. 

We know that lobbyists pay for law.  This editorial lays out the ways that it is done and the illegality of it. 

This is what our military budget needs to be spent on. What exactly saves our troops rather than shiny toys. 

This gave more ammunition as to why the crash happened. The banking industry was too flexible and allowed it to happen. 

Cuomo is a standup guy and all his reform goals show that. 

There is no reason that the government should be funding religious organizations with tax payer’s money. This only strengthened my argument. 

This behavior is nothing new.  Putting pressure on others to pass the Republican agenda. It didn’t start with Trump apparently. 

Too much bribing money exists in campaigns. These laws not banning or ignoring these shenanigans are awful. 

It is important for the United State to lead the world in Space exploration. If we don't somebody else will and reap the rewards. The article agrees with this position. 

Russia's oligarchy is a great threat to the countries future success and democratization. The article points out in how many ways it is harming the process in Russia. 

The state has the highest disparity of any.  The state cannot be successful without educated citizens. And it is only fair that every child has the same educational opportunity. 

This is the same editorial as before.  There are too many opportunities for lawmakers to line their pockets and ignore what is best for their citizens. 

Wow. There needs to be no collusion between the administration and DOJ. This is scary. 

I agree with the editorial that immigration needs a large overhaul and support measures similar with the ones presented in the editorial. 

This just goes to show another example where there is decided outrage when genicide occurs across the globe. This is political and racial. 

Federal regulations should be a baseline but if the state in question requires stronger regulation because of its circumstances, federal law should not have supremacy. 

This is reminiscent of what is occurring right now. The results are clear and reflect the trajectory of today’s economy. 

We need day workers. By dehumanizing this and treating immigrants like criminals, we set up a bad situation. By setting up a system as described, this would take the laborers out of the shadows. 

The DOJ needs to be separate from the administration. This is yet another example of overstepping boundaries. 

The statistics brought up in the editorial only prove that abstinence-only programs are a waste of time. We need to be realistic and realize that it is only one component of sexual education.  

Totally agree—too much behind closed doors and none of them are completely altruistic. The public should be involved. 

A prime example of taxpayers’ money wasted. Unfortunately at the expense of the governor’s safety. 

Legislation should not be party-driven. They are so intent of one-upping each other that both parties are willing to succomb their policies.

Policies of eradication have been proven to only work in the short term. More long term solutions advocated by this article are correct and reinforce my held stance. 

The same rules need to apply to everyone. Spitzer has great ideas but he has to model the same behavior to keep credibility. 

Our infrastructure is lacking. The two human deaths in this editorial highlight that there need to be not only safety courses for workers, but upgrades and upheavals to the equipment. 

The United States should stand for freedom around the globe and cannot be friends with foreign governments that work toward the subjugations of women. This article makes very valid points towards this point. 

The United States should take a leading role in international affairs. This article applauds these efforts and pushes for more. 

Every person has a right to decide when and how to die if that option is not available their proxy should be able to make that decision. this is an example where this decision as the humane and right one to make. 

This just goes to prove that this behavior has been going on for decades and Trump did not write the book. It seems that no legislation preventing this from happening has been out in place 

Intellectual property needs to be protected. The decision is a correct one and the article is right to defend it. 

This gives me more to argue for my stance because this editorial gives exact examples of statesmen who abused the law and yet collected pensions. 

Police officers need to be generously compensated for putting their lives on the line. With a surplus, this is a no brained. 

Again, the DOJ needs to run in a nonpartisan manner and the White Houdini needs to run independently of the DOJ.  Justice is not blind if it is political. 

I believe the military should be budgeted as much as it needs to be however our non-military needs need to be met just as much.  Otherwise what are we protecting? 

Merkel has been such an advocate for global warming protection. She must be more than frustrated with the present as we had just made great strides. 

The statistics support the stance that schools need to encourage good eating habits and that while on their watch, only good choices should be offered. 

Anyone nominated for such a high position should be serving ALL people. There should be no racism allowed. 

Yes Kevorkian took things into his own hands. Oregon is correct when mandating it that serious thought goes into this and several medical experts have to agree.  

No excuse for this. Our soldiers need to have the weaponry and the safety equipment to keep them safe. There is no room for bargaining and politicking.

I agree this should be better regulated, sick days should not be exchanged for money because that punishes people who fall sick. 

People should not be able to hold more than one public office at a time. They are not able to effectively govern over two different and entirely separate entities, and get paid for it. 

Death and grief should not be publicized. The case of Sciavo reaffirms this. 

I think it’s unfortunate NASA faces any budget constriction but I think that could be solved by better management 

I agree that New York definitely needs to reform its campaign financing laws 

It’s heartbreakign what has happened to 9/11 first responders, i strongly agree that more needs to be done to take care of them 

Something should be done about the fact that a prosecutor chose not use his their abilities to help Replubicans get into office were fired is a shame. They should recieve some retributions. 

Separation of church from state. This church was wrongfully targetted which makes it even worse. 

Officials who are convicted of corruption when in office should NOT receive their pensions! 

Transparency is the only way the ultimate reform will come to fruition.  Spitzer has awesome momentum. 

This is another repeated editorial. Environmental protections should not only protect the environment but also citizens. 

American foreign policy should be upheld all the time.

I think Arthur Miller will be remembered as an artist that captured the American Condition, not for who he married. 

The editorial outlines what reforms need to take place but ultimately the system needs to change because the legislators don’t want it to. 

I totally agree. There needs to be hype but in the meantime there needs to be a thought out and organized system. 

Totally agree that when the state and employers get involved and committed to healthcare, we are healthier as a country and will save money in the long run. 

I agree that there needs to be steep improvement in the care of the elderly in the US

A better health care system includes shutting down inefficiency even if It may seem to have the opposite effect. Th overhaul may be more costly and time consuming initially but worth the reform. 

These present more reasons as to why preventative programs need to be put in place. Also I totally agree that juveniles should not be in general population for many reasons. 

I agree with the article in supporting the bigger better bottle act and campaign finance reform 

I agree in that there should be more effective reform of racial inclusion in schools 

I agree, the people should be able to hear and see all evidence in cases of political importance.

Trade wars accomplish nothing. 

They have every right to fly that flag. It is a symbol of many good men who sacrificed their lives to protect states individual freedom. 

Using dead babies, not old embryos, let's call them what they are, dead babies, in the name of research is barbaric. 

The two groups need to broker an agreement and I don’t feel the US should be the momentum behind the negotiations. 

So the cost of conservation is 150 million? That seems pretty affordable considering how much money is lost every year on vain government projects.

I think it is a wonderful idea, and worth the approval of all politics and people involved.

Campaign contributions from the rich negate the significance of any contributions from the poor, common man.

I don’t know enough about it to debate over it but I do agree that to conquer AIDS, the red tape had to be removed for the best of public health worldwide. 

I think that anti-terrorist funds should be put into risk-prone areas and modes of transportation not just in security theater. The article reinforces that notion. 

Apparently Bush's policies werent that big of a failure, looking at it now.

The United Nations is a bearocratic mess that is very difficult to manage efficiently. They have failed time and time again in their missions and need severe reformation. I still believe it is important but needs to be really changed. 

Yes, give something opportunity and it will thrI’ve. 

These are good laws, and can only have positive affects on the cities.

The last paragraph mirrors my stance.  I was unaware that Graham was for the imprisonment at the time but this does not surprise me. 

It was/is a good cause, and should not have encountered any resistance to fundraising that amount. 

More reason to close the loopholes instead of slashing taxes on the rich. Change the legislation. 

Tougher punishments for this particular type of crime would be a great start. Personally, I would also like to see tougher punishments for rape and murder both as well.

The peace between Isreal and Palestine is heavily influenced by extremists on both sides that pull the levers of power in their direction. Hamas or the Isreali right have been extremely detrimental to peace. This editorial points this out and shows how the (...)

Patience should not be exercised once a country has defiantely started making WMDs.

I support Bush's stance on this.

The incidents described advocate for further study to see if Ambien is safe.  This is why there needs to be strict regulation by the FDA. 

Campaign reforms are beyond necessary not just for NYC but for many cities across the States. 

The article reinforces my view that the morning after pill should be available over the counter and that moderate Republicans should champion it both within and out of the party.  

Illegal immigrants, no matter who or when or where, need to be kicked out. It is a subject that is sensitive, but the fact remains, our economy is getting worse due to it.

Loose lips sink ships. Send him to jail.

When dealing with another superpower regarding nuclear weapons, calm minds are exactly what is necessary. 

I've dealt with this first hand. Alcohol has no place on a train. If so, strict limits and only allowed inside a barroom.

More lining of pockets, more mismanagement, more waste of tax payers’ money. 

I support Spitzer’s common sense demands that acts in the best interest of the public. 

Evolution is science. If they want to teach all three theories so be it but don’t try to discount evolution because of religion. 

The citizenship over lobbyists. This shows that Congress faces dilemmas when sidelined by corporate interests. 

Journalists and their sources are to be protected. No fishing expeditions allowed. 

I agree that veterans should not have their benefits cut but neither should women and children. 

Indian treatment has been terrible and individuals should be able to control the land and it should not be in trusts. It is important to change this through legislation or courts.

The Constitutiom is to be followed and laws are meant to be followed to ensure that democracy is followed. The Senaye cannot change the law because they are not getting the results they desire without it. 

I agree that there needs to be more regulation. When no one thinks the responsibility is theirs, recklessness prevails. 

Just like lawmakers, doctors are under the temptation of being bought out. There need to be ethics guidelines for doctors as there are for lawmakers, as well as for lobbyists and investment companies. 

The war in Iraq was a huge geo-political blunder. The article high-lights one of people personally affected and agains the war and points out the general discontent with the war and its management. 

The statistics provided advocate for stricter regulation of e-waste. It provides compelling reasons why. 

This strengthens my belief in the law that there needs to be separation between the state and church. Bush was wrong. 

The criminal justice system is much too strict and harsh. Imposing penalties that far outstrip the crimes and do not rehabilitate criminals. Its nice to see an example of compasion ruling the day. 

Measures taken to protect us after terrorist attacks tend to impinge on our freedoms too much. They are wrong and hurt everyone involved and rarely work to protect us. 

I believe that slumlords manipulate and take advantage of poor people while making money off of the government sponsoring their housing.  Surprise inspections would keep them on their toes. 

Isreal pulling out of Gaza was a positive step. It did, however, lead to a lot of chaos, but at the time this editorial was written they didn't know that. 

The handling of Hurricane Katrina by Bush was absolutely horrendous. This article illustrates that well. 

This is a good proposal to help curb the amount of pollution released by planes. 

I agree with the articalwa assertions about environmental protections 

This article strongly supports my own opinion on needing to raise the minimum wage and that that doesn’t need to mean higher prices as evidenced by Costco. 

This is a good example of how the US fails to interfere in a lot of human rights abuse cases around the world. I don’t necessarily believe they even should interfere but this goes to show that they let a lot slide by. 

If Nuclear power is to be used as a viable source of energy we need a plan to store the Nuclear Waste. The article aptly points out that Utah is a good option and private enterprise are looking to fill the gap that the government couldn't. 

I believe that the USA should take a leading role in Space Exploration. Right now I agree with the notion that is should be left to private interest at the time this would feel like a much more realistic course of action. 

Global Warming is real and human-caused. This article points to the dangers and downfalls of ignoring the damage. 

While I do not like government regulation when it comes to global warming I generally disagree with my own position. This article tries to reinforce the notion that these protections are important and should come from the government. 

The Iraq war was truly mishandled and mismanaged. Though US interference is important to keep peace in the world that was not the right strategy. The article is right to point out the utter incompetence of the Bush administration at this time. 

The article criticises both democrats and republicans for politicizing the process by which judges are selected. I agree with the notion that this should not be done in a political way. 

I think this is a valid attack on territorial politics between regional and local police departments. I did not have a strong opinion about it prior to the article but I agree with its assessment. 

I did not have a major opinion on the reconstruction of the 9/11 site. Though I agree with the article that the government of the city of NY should be involved. Especially at a point where the State is losing its grip.  

The article is pushing for more US funding to building Afghanistan. If the US mission to push out extremists and build a democratic nation is too succeed this is esential. 


Regulatory controls are important when it comes to environmental damage. The cost of cleaning the environment should fall on those causing the damage. This article shows that the cost will not be passed to the consumer in great measure. A positive point to (...)

I agree with the need for more diplomatic pressure on North Korea without military action. 

I agree that the Democrats need a stronger strategy than juts being anti-war. 

I agree with the need to be able to negotiate drug prices

Agricultural subsidies are wrong. They should not continue either in Europe or North America, even more so if they are a barrier to free trade on a global scale. 

This article definitely supported my view that there should be more transparency but it didn’t help me argue cause it didn’t really provide a lot of hard evidence. 

Women, and everyone else too need to listen to there bodies, be aware of the possible symptoms, and feel comfortable enough to talk to their doctors. But many doctors these days just want to prescribe a pill and move on to the next patient, the next 35-50  (...)

Strong relationships with other countries can be both positive and negative for the United States. 

It makes no sense that America can look past their own injustices and so hypocritically point the finger elsewhere. We need to clean around our own backdoor before telling anyone what to do. 

It is not healthy for Democrats or Republicans to be solely in charge of anyone state, etc. we bipartisan and need to be represented as such. 

Taking care of the environment is a vitally important charge. Changing the taxicab fleet to ones with lower emissions is a wonderful idea and all states should follow. 

I agree the Republican party has failed on these issues

People who are in the country illegally and continue to get into the country illegally do so sometimes out of ignorance to the laws, they are told they can make a good life in America and are trafficked from their homes to here working endless hours for no (...)

Guantanamo Bay is an awful un-American institution that should be shut down. 

Making an independent budget office would put specific people in control of a specific thing, rather than allowing it to float around freely. 

I am glad that scrutiny and sound judgement is being used. It is necessary to find out what the problem is here and how this happened. Just because someone is an immigrant, drunk, or suffering from a mental health issue does not mean that they are deservin (...)

It is obvious that even with decisive moves from the American Military, the Iraqis would not benefit from it without serious input from their own government. 

Electing a person to any office, even judicial is a difficult task. Some people may be good and just until they get there finding that their are more ways to line your pockets than the legal ones. 

The United States should follow Canadas lead and get to the high ground in respecting basic human rights. 

Prs. Bush should not have the right to take anyone and put them into a prison without a clear definition of what crimes they have committed.

Human trafficking is a horrible crime and helpless people are trapped and misused every day. We need more people aware and working on this huge problem. 

Mentally ill inmates need to have their SSI or medicaid benefits reinstated once they leave prison. The punishment of prison is supposed to be over after they are released, but its not. There are SO many barriers that are in place that keep prisoners in "p (...)

I think that this is a major issue that these political figures are using money that they shouldn't for things they shouldn't. 

HouseKeeping Dollars! We should have lists and limits following who this people are funding and how they are being retributed for their funds. If we could compile listing maybe we could know whats happening.

I feel that as a country we failed the people after Hurricane Katrina. We should have done better, done more and better supported our citizens in their time of need. 

A fence, a wall, or whatever is a horrible idea. A worker program could help. 

I tend to feel very strongly about the concept of hope and being able to fully utilize the ability to not only make a resolution of commitment to oneself, but to fully follow through with said commitments. Everyone has hope and I completely agree that any  (...)

Anyone questioned on matters relating to our country, especially those in political and governmental positions, should be required to answer honestly and not simply dance around subjects or avoid questions. Proper policies should be upheld and those in vio (...)

The Likud party though good on economic terms is a disaster for peace in the Middle East. Praising Mr. Sharon's departure from the party is positive. I agree with the editorial. 

Rule of law and level-headedness in emotional situations is very important. The editorial is right to defend a slow and methodical treatment of Sadam Hussein in the courts. I was not aware of this situation before reading the editorial but I agree with it. (...)

Strong government control of the economy is never a positive. This article shows the effects of highly centralized economies such as China's. 

The article is right to point out that subsidies and lack of free trade is bad. It should also point out that lack of agricultural free trade is bad for rich countries as well. It is also accurate in pointing out the slow moving nature of EU and how often  (...)

Environmental policy is one of the few areas where regulation is needed. The editorial is right to praise this action in Congress. 

The editorial is right to point out the overbearing power of the government to invade our privacy and deny our first amendment rights. It is important for police to protect our freedoms and not violate them. 

The article is right in pointing out that the government should be held accountable for the torture of innocent people and should not be engaged in torturing anyone. 

Citizens should have access to the records of their state and local officials. The editorial is right to push for these rights. 

The article points out some of the atrocities of the Bush administration and calls for Congress to stand up to it. I agree that this should have happened. 

The article is right to criticise public money being spent on government officials pet projects in order to get themselves re-elected. Its another example of government run a muck. 

Reverse mortgages are a valuable option for elderly citizens I believe that they should be pushed as does the editorial. I do however, not like the idea of the government promoting them instead of the free market


I generally believe that government should do as little as possible. This is an area where I believe the government should be involved. That does, however, lead to mismanagement and inefficiency as show by the editorial. 


I believe that government should not regulate many areas it currently does. Financing of elections is one. The government has a vested interest in stopping corruption to make sure that it can do the things that it should do well. 

The government needs to police itself. Stopping corruption is the only way to make sure government is as efficient as possible. 

Local governments should fill the needs that private companies will not. The City government making sure cabs are good for disabled people is important. A better solution still would be for other companies that cater to these individuals to spring up. 

My opinion is that the federal government should not be involved in education at all. This article reinforces that view by pointing out the huge mess that even attempts at federal oversight is creating. 

Another example of excessive government gone wild with waste and fraud. 

More example of why governments are too big and need to be cut to size. The article is pointing out that high legislative salaries do not equate to high quality legislatures. 

I am a strong believer in the development and upkeep of parks and beautification processes, especially in areas that are either lacking or have become unruly/unkempt. Both parties should share the cost of the development and promote the furthering of this  (...)

I do believe that the US should support and assist the UN whenever possible, especially in matters concerning furthering peacekeeping and safety concerns around the world. The UN should also be stronger in enforcing its policies in order to maintain same. 

I don't believe that we should have gone to war based on the sensationalized notion that WMD were being developed and hidden in Iraq; it was simply a way to retaliate and move the administrations' desires further with false support of the American people backing it. Conflicts were imminent in the coming years based on actions and tensions around the world, but to try to focus on some good that has come out of it is grasping at straws to make themselves feel better about the situation.

Matters involving community-focused or public buildings should not be in the center of political turmoil. One person (or committee) should be responsible for the budget and spending regarding buildings of the like, keeping decisions away from political agendas and opinions. It is an absolute shame to hear of such a publicly utilized building, especially a library of all things, to be in such disarray. 

This editorial supported my thoughts that administration needs to take a stronger stance on telling the truth instead of exaggerating or guessing at matters while in the spotlight.  (This editorial also fully supports my stance that media sensationalizes information and should be an unbiased form of information instead of relying upon hype to gain following).

Policies and procedures in fire departments--not only in New York, but all cities and towns across the country--should absolutely be re-examined to better ensure the safety of the men and women that are brave enough to run headfirst into buildings to save lives. 

Though I believe the government should assist with people that live below the poverty line, the assist should be minimal and only in the event of absolute necessity. A fund-raising drive that is capable of raising such an incredible amount is a possibility anywhere and can assist faster and be much more efficient than requesting funds and waiting for minimal assistance. 

Efforts to recover the environment are good. The editorial does well to point that out. 

Pushing for greater transparency with public funds is a positive. The editorial does right to do so. 

The editorial is right to point out that public money should have greater transparency and accountability. Lack of these leads to further inefficiency and corruption, which is tied to the government by the very nature of its existence. 

Russia is slowly falling deeper and deeper into a very dangerous dictatorship under Putin. This editorial is old but it points out this transition and it is very scary for the future of the globe. 

Gerrymandering is a great threat to Democracy. The editorial is right to push for policies that will limit its effect. 

Mental health issues are one of the few areas governments should be involved in, due to its externalities. Pushing for better treatment for these individuals is very important. I agree with this editorial 

The current economy, in 2006 or 2018 is not great for low and middle-income families. Unfortunately, many trends are against them currently. 

The editorial is right to call for a more powerful attorney general to be able to root out corruption. Corruption when unchecked is a huge burden on the public and freedom. 

I believe that decisions should be data-driven. It seems to me that this piece calls for data and the analysis of them in order to make informed decisions regarding improving emergency service response in Suffolk County.

I believe that when an individual is wronged that individual should be able to seek legal remedy without undue inconvenience or hardship. This editorial outlines provisions of the Class Action Fairness Act that would make seeking legal remedy arduous for an individual. I learned something here about the proposed legislation that would allow me to speak intelligently regarding my opposition to it; it makes it a challenge for individuals to get legal remedy by moving issues from state to fed. courts

Rail roads should be improved from time to time.

Dual officeholding should be banned

Mark Green always delivers.

Ms Adeylott is a wonderful and ideal person for the post

Everyone is free to engage in what they like. That;s democracy 

The new system should be improved on a regular basis

Nuclear weapons are dangerous for everyone.

Immigration reforms should be analyzed deeply before they are implemented

Negotiations should take place before anything else.

Consumer protection should come first.

The congress can improve hedge fund transparency

The President should save the vanishing wetlands and barrier islands along the coast of Louisiana.

Democrats have made major changes compared to Republicans.

The risk NASA wants to take will evolve science immensely

Calamity can be avoided if the climate is kept at balance

The economy will boom in the next couple of years

American armies should leave Iraq and a negotiation should be held at once 

Medicaid fraud should be highly punished

Since the system is working, there is always room for improvement

The congress should focus on the vital few measures to be analyzed and implemented.

Emission of carbon dioxide should be regulated

Cooperation enhances global balance

Integrity is the corner stone of great work

Criminals should be judged by evidence

Males should be circumcised to reduce the risk of catching and transmitting HIV/AIDS 

Immigration reforms make the country a better place to live in

Effective economic sanctions will improve Iran

The Security Council must meet urgently to find ways to replace Ethiopian troops

A terrorist /criminal should also be shown mercy

You cannot change the world by whispering

The present judicial system is quite expensive

The mayor can do more good for his people

If not looked at early enough, inequality levels may worsen

Children should be kept safe from dangerous people

Nuclear powers should be decreased as they pose a huge risk

Senators should work on the methods of appointing attorneys

Iraqi needs to work closely with America to enable the achievement of both parties' goals

New Orleans needs to be saved

It is hard to render a convincing apology when you are not really apologizing.

Mr Spitzer and Mr Weitzman should work together to improve the state of the country

Will, power and urgency are required to make real progress.

Pakistan should be supported and secured against the Taliban

For real change to happen, Mr Spitzer has to clear the clutter

More trains will help commuters in the country 

The system needs intensive care, and a realistic contribution from Albany.


The Attorney should come up with new reforms to restrict reinvestment grants

Mr Hamilton is ideal for running the city council

The WHO should work harder to encourage transfer of vaccine production

The congress should be ready to take the initiative of doing what the administration is not ready to do.

This editorial made a compelling argument for environmental changes, it was a good editorial that showed our actions have consequences, far beyond those environmental ones. 

There needs to be limits on emergency bills, this is the way that they slip bills under the radar, people don't have time to process the entire bill and vote based on the "urgency".

Sex and Labor Trafficking is a horribly large business. There should be stronger sanctions related to the removal of children from their countries all the time, but I am glad they are working on it during the tsunami.

The clean up should not be extended, the extra money that it should cost should be funded. 

A working program that leads to citizenship for individuals who are already in America is a good idea. 

What is happening with racial segregation and housing is happening everywhere and whites are so unaware of the differences experienced by other races. 

Mr. Gonzales stance on prisoner treatment is a disaster and should prevent him from being nominated as the attorney general. 

Mr. Pataki has the right ideas on the the Saw Mill River project and should be supported. That river needs to be cleaned up and made beautiful again. 

These votes can only be counted as a success if they minimize the amount of civil wars and bring the country closer to peace. 

Mr. Gonzales was a bad choice because of his ethical beliefs. 

The American Bar Association has a good plan for finding a bipartisan commission to hand out subpoenas. We need to do something about those already imprisoned unfairly and kept indefinitely. 

The world bank needs to change its ways, we need to allow other countries the opportunity to lead and make good changes for the world. It is important that everyone has the opportunity to work together to help other countries. 

Open budget negotiations are important so that we all are able to know what is happening with the money, where its going, and the true moves being made by important political people.

Oftentimes it is the people whobare put in charge to protect and preserve a country's valuable resource, who will be the ones to exploit them. The exploitation is usual to satisfy some selfish ambitions, sometimes freed and severe shortsightedness on the part of the authorities.

People are very passionate about what they believe or about what best serves their interests. They will therefore argue on the one side or the other to convince others to see things from their perspective. At the end of the day though, it is usually those with the strongest economic and political voices that usually win.

The nomination of a new Supreme Court justice is indeed a very important action for a country based on the reach of its influence. Doing a thorough background check before ratification is done is the best way to assure the nation that this is the best man for the job.

The campaign finance law should be created by the public

Great and entertaining read!

This loophole needs to be closed, the individual who is committing sleazy unethical acts should be held accountable and not be able to walk away free. There is no one to prevent them from returning to another high paid portion, nothing to prevent them from being unethical, not even the fear of punishment. 

The people at the top need to make changes, pull Americans out of these countries and bring them home to recover from years of combat. These man and women are suffering everyday forced to make decisions that sometimes leave civilians dead, and never seem to cause any true change. 

Our laboratories, especially in this situation, need to decrease the length of time it takes on turnaround. When looking for contaminates that could be potentially deadly to the public we need answers sooner.

Like the editor, I am firmly of the view that positions of great influence and political power in the nation should be filled by people for whom thorough back ground checks have been done and of whom the public has had their pertinent questions answered

Prs. Bush should not have intervened with the Schiavo case. The poor woman had people who loved her who had beliefs about her situation. The ruling of the state should have been respected by Prs. Bush. 

I am firmly of the view that worker unions are necessary for the protection of the worker. These are more effective if they include the lower level workers and if they operate on a united front

Issues with strong emotional backgrounds will always be difficult to settle with consensus. This is eapecially so when there is politics involved as weĺ

I believe that all governmental agencies should have strict oversight. This editorial provided some details that will help me better argue the case for additional oversight of the F.D.A., for public safety

I am against big government, mostly when it places the most vulnerable (i.e. the poor) in an even more vulnerable position. As the article says the low and middle income earners would use more of their earnings just to buy the annuity that would keep them above the poverty line than their more well-off counterparts; it doesn't seem like a good deal and that point in the article strengthened my stance against big govermment, especially when big government hurts the poor

Political agendas should be kept out of decisions that affect the residents of the community in which they serve, especially regarding decisions that allow lifestyle changes. Political figures like Bloomberg should not be holding two different stances in order to maintain "the vote" in upcoming elections. 

I believe there should be checks and balances in place in the branches of government to prevent the kind of corruption portrayed in the editorial. The editorial provides examples of the harmful effects that may occur when there is not a legitimate system of checks and balances-- cronyism and corruption abound

Politicians, as well as those in influential governmental positions, should be closely watched and made to adhere to a strict ethics code, including punishments should they fail to do so. Funding and other actions while in position should not be geared towards re-elections or maintaining power. 

If decisions by department heads are combining to save money and reducing the crime rate, they should continue to do so despite what the PBA is stating. Unfortunately, when changes are made, those that are comfortable (i.e. compensation, overtime) will obviously get upset because they are losing out. 

The NRA is only cares about the sell of guns, no matter who it is too. Being tied to Al-Queda in a time like this should mean NO GUNS for you, but apparently as long as you aren't an immigrant you're okay.

Changes absolutely need to be made in the American education system; yearly testing is a waste of time and does not properly define how students are learning or if they even understand the information. Pressure from political positions pushes teachers to teach to the test, instead of teaching to understand. No Child Left Behind is a great concept, but it does not mean that students should suffer because of the set-up of our system. 

The way this was handled is just a microscopic look at the way things are handled all over America minorities are not given a far shot, people with different ideas and beliefs are disrespected and ignored or worse bullied into silence. 

I don't believe that touch-screen voting is the most efficient; issues happen constantly with touch-screen devices, from errors on what was selected to easy hacking methods to alter decisions. I do agree that most politicians are probably pushing for touch-screen because they have spent so much money and effort trying to reach that goal, instead of altering their positions to something new and much more efficient. 

Unfortunately I feel as though this is true with most presidents throughout our relatively recent history. Whether they are up for reelection or not, they seem to focus on trying to stick to their political agenda instead of attempting to continue corrections and bettering our country by building on previous actions. 

It is a shame that our government looks at war time as a good time to rape the budget and start lots of projects that we can't really afford. Whether or not its called in the budget it is money and it is going somewhere. 

Privatizing social security is a promise that so many elderly, and soon to be elderly people have to either continue working well passed retirement, or become dependent on their state for so many life necessities. 

The innocents project is a wonderful tool, especially considering it is unbiased. DNA testing needs to be relooked at in so many cases where it was the determining factor in someones guilt. Sometimes there are individuals who want someone to be guilty, to stop the hunt, to appease higher ups, for whatever issue and they can botch evidence, hold up results, or other heinous acts. 

I have always been appalled at the lack of credibility in news promotions, especially when it comes to governmental matters. Stories and items are run without source-checks simply to gain viewers and create a larger attraction. 

I do agree that the Constitution should be "living" as certain aspects of the document don't apply to our current way of life. However, interpretation should be taken lightly, as others can begin to say any piece of it can be interpreted to their liking. 

True priorities and needs seem to disappear when more than a handful of people become involved in financial decisions; unbiased decisions should be made to save money and still assist the community. 

A strong Treasury team is key to successful developments of the US government (as well as other governments around the world). Qualified candidates should be considered, despite political connections and party affiliations.

Racial discrimination has always been a debatable issue within governmental positions; the idea posted by Mr. Levy both allows the freedom and openness to all races in specified areas, as well as follows the procedure of civil service standards. 

Greenhouses should be regulated to improve our environment

Projects that create as much added pollution as the new, larger cement plant should absolutely be denied, especially when located so close to communities and large numbers of the population. 

Drama or not, the issue not only resides in Washington, but at the front lines. Though the "minutemen" are not necessary, not enough is being done to further the correct immigration procedure to the US. 

Institutions like libraries and museums need to be maintained and kept as a priority; they further the cultural and educational development of all levels of society at all ages. 

Hospitals and medical facilities need to be kept accountable, not only for the public to better choose where to go or procedures to take, but to better show where funds are needed and keep continuous records of spending and assistance requested. Hospitals and medical practices should constantly be updating about standards and "report cards" to show a track record and where improvements are needed. 

Asian countries have consistently been on the rise, seemingly in all fields and all areas, including education and economic growth. Building stronger relations and promoting development allows them to surpass us. America, though a strong military power, needs to pay attention to changes around the world and focus on how to better our growth as well. 

"National strategy" or not, the protection of the environment and prevention of further damage to our world should be a priority. If there is a way to change a situation for the better, those in power should act on that change.

I think the way that Americans are taxed needs to be re-evaluated, as the idea of taxing the upper percentile does seem to hit middle and higher classes harder than the top percentile that still continue to avoid the matter entirely or at least receive some reduction that they are not owed. 

Though I appreciate the concept of attempting to raise funds for the international aid offered by the US, I still believe that the main focus and recipient of the money allocated to aid should be spent on the issues within the US itself before reaching out to other countries. We may be better off than those countries, but offering a large percentage of our budget that could easily repair issues here first is not our best option economically. 

I absolutely agree that administration positions should be constantly reviewed and critiqued to better their abilities and ensure that actions being taken are the correct choices for the growth of the country. 

A small percentage of funding should still be used to maintain public broadcasting; it offers entertainment and knowledge to the community and offers decent, appropriate programming to all people. 

Unfortunately, media has become much more focused on propaganda to sensationalize stories and gain followings. Journalists should be fact-checking and source checking to be sure that information presented is correct; if it can't be verified, it shouldn't be printed. 

Treaties are key between countries in order to maintain peace; the US should be focusing on peace-centered actions instead of military rumors and stories. 

Though it can be difficult to search and prevent possible terroristic acts without seeming racist, police and those on the streets have every right to search to prove that everyone is safe. 

International diplomacy is key for any country working on developing and growing its economic power. Poor choices in leadership prevent those steps from occurring and cause further delays in reaching necessary goals.

Managers should not be receiving compensation to the degree that they did for "monitoring" the pension systems. Those involved that received funding from the assets should be investigated and fined for the return of cost. 

Affordable housing for New Jersey is very important

Leaders should ensure that the environment is kept clean at all cost

Children should not be ignorant

Nothing should be left to chance

Clear assessment should be done before building the Casino

Negotiations should happen until other countries give up their nuclear weapons

All expenditures should be accounted for.

All expenditures should be accounted for.

All expenditures should be accounted for

Court rulings should give hope to the affected and prevent future genocide

Labor unions can fix most of the economic problems we have today

Mr Bush and Mr Chavez can work together

Legislators should think of those affected by terrorists

Candidates should run for office in the places they live

Every one in the United States should be insured.

People can hold rallies in Manhattan

Guns should be used to protect and not harm others. 

Varsity teams should be included in events

Everyone has freedom of speech. Depends on how one uses it.

Discipline should be restored in the federal budget

Food and Drug Administration should ensure all products are thoroughly checked.

Tax payers are taxed highly. Purchases should be done without involving them

Peace proposals and negotiations are very important

Administration should stop trying to spin prosecutor purge

Voting should be simplified and the winner should be awarded based on statewide vote

Mr Spano should come up with better ways of assisting his citizens live better

Mr Spitzer is heading the right direction and being supported

Mr Bush should follow his aide's steps in terms of character

Property taxes should have a limit 

Adjust the unjust system

Mr Bush should look back at history and learn from it

Legislators should improve what they found before asking for an increase in salary

Tax shift should be clearly analyzed 

Mr Bush should analyze his policies

Mr Bush should obey the constitution

Democrats and Republicans alike should embrace the House's clean, tough approach to pay-go.

The FDA and the white house should work together

Leaders should keep their word.

The judicial system should be improved.

Change is what everyone needs

The congress should investigate things and come up with clear facts

Albany legislators should do what it takes to improve the lives of their citizens

Every bill should be clearly though of before being signed into law

Congress should correct the mistake without delay

Commuting should not be stressful for citizens

FDA should conduct post marketing studies and analyze results 

Home health employees should be included in the reforms

There is room to do more in America

The senate should seriously look at global warming and oil dependency

Law makers must fight to restore law and security

Everyone is responsible for his/her own life

Regulators should analyze every merger to prevent criminal activities

No one should go unpunished for committing a crime

Leaders should go through the pros and cons of a bill before signing it to law

Mr Spitzer is an ideal leader 

Mr Bush should restore people's trust in the White House 

The administration should accept the offer

Mr Booker and the Council have an opportunity to rebuild the neighbourhoods

Scattershot is not a way to run democracy

The anti-loitering bill should be put under consideration

Audits should be done on a regular basis

Every penny should be accounted for by all leaders

It is important to fix the public financing act

Red Cross should improve its response to emergencies

The reshuffle program should be assessed before being taken to the next level

Leaders should embrace and solve problems effectively

Our environment should be kept clean at all costs

The administration should provide detailed answers to know the truth

Legislators need to understand clearly property tax when dealing with it

Change and development is good for everyone

The white house needs to act on the Patriotic Act

The congress should get serious about taxes

State leaders should analyze and improve budget reforms

New Orleans should not be forgotten

The constitution should uphold civil rights of all Iraqis

Science should evolve to help and not destroy human beings

Our environment should be kept clean

The administration should continue being accountable and transparent

Everyone is responsible for his/her financial position

Legislators should be focused to help their citizens 

A healthy financial sector is important

Its best to avoid divorce at all costs

Day laborer problems should be addressed fast

The country's reputation is very important to all

American presence in Iraq was not the best option 

Environmental laws should be put in place fast

May the stars behave themselves

Afghanistan can work with America to restore itself

Voter verified records should be put in place

The government should protect public and not private interests

There is no real threat..its only made up!

Every politician loves credit

Improved efficiency and alternative fuels will help a lot

Our environment is important that private interests

Operation cure will improve people's lives

Land acquisition processes should be improved by our legislators

Leaders should make promises they can keep

Campaign finance law should be put together by the public

This is a perfect example of why trains should be liberalized and private companies should be allowed to compete for passengers on routes. This would make the trains more responsive and armrests would have been fixed years ago. 

Unfortunately it seems as though responses through FEMA have never been the best planned in order to be optimal emergency strategies. It would make far more sense to have qualified and experienced people running programs like FEMA to better assist those in need when the opportunity arises. 

I don't believe that the requirement for government issued ID cards is a political strategy for keeping certain people away from the polls; I completely agree that, as a requirement to vote, government issued IDs should be required. 

Anyone that is appointed to a governmental position of the like should be as unbiased as possible; the fact that her beliefs are for the most part unknown is a great factor, making her a neutral party that can hear all sides fairly and offer true judgment. 

Even if the president has chosen people that can help him maintain connections in their respective positions, I do respect that he is selecting unbiased persons "independent from politics." Those in influential positions should not sway largely in any direction based on political opinion, but be able to freely decide based on facts and information provided. 

Only through increased local productivity (eg.  manufacturing) can a country sustain a favorable trade gap with its trading partners. Making "paper gains" (eg through interest rates on monetary instruments) is at best a short term measure and is not sustainable.

The Bush administration indeed has developed a reputation for always needing to prove its point even if it means changing the rules of the game. Interestingly however, there are many other interests in political and non-political life that are guided by those same principles.

Unfortunately, though costs may be higher, I agree with directing the movement of chemicals around the city instead of through the center. The greater cost could end up saving many more lives than simply monitoring and tracking as it passes through near the population. If something were to happen, the proposed safety measures of tracking the chemicals would not be enough to stop an attack in an instant. 

Accountability has always been a major issue in politics. How do we hold accountable those entities that have been entrusted with tax payers monies to spend on improving lives for the citizens? How do we hold accountable those oversight bodies that are to ensure that this aught to be done in the public's interest?

It seems like many governors give their friends jobs after their terms are over. This editorial gives me some examples to cite if I talk about this topic.

Manufacturers should be pushing the development of more energy-efficient models of all types of vehicles not only to decrease the dependence on oil and associated products, but to better the environment. Oil companies also seem to increase prices based on "speculation" when there is truly no reason to increase price except to gain more profit. 

China, as well as other Asian countries, have been constantly growing and expanding economically. Yes, they can pose a threat to American economic industries, but I think the US should build a strong relationship and grow with China instead of opposing and attempting to compete with their developments. 

In my view, mental illness has always been a misunderstood disease and as a result those who suffer from it are not always treated in a manner that persons suffering from another chronic illness would be. Out of ignorance, persons tending to the mentally ill may treat them violently or inhumanely out of fear.

Money and funding for protection should be allocated throughout the country to protect all citizens, but areas that pose a greater risk to attack and risk should receive more to ensure proper protection and safety. 

Torture is a matter that should be clearly defined and not subject to interpretation. Torture of prisoners and detainees should also be prevented, no matter the crimes or actions. As a country, we have grown far past those methods and need to set an example to the rest of the world that we hold higher standards. 

Developing countries are always at the mercies of their developed countries trading partners, as free and fair trade is not always free and fair. Under liberalization in the 1980's they were made to remove subsidies from their vulnerable local industries, remove barriers to trade and open their markets to foreign imports - the dumping was then proliferated. This has led to the permanent demise of some of these local industries while the subsidies continued  in the developed nations.

Those that are considered non-voting "residents" should not be counted towards the overall census. When it comes to voting as a temporary resident (for matters like college and long-term travel for work), citizens register to vote through their home-town. The same should be said for inmates--they should be counted towards their registered home-town instead of being used as part of the census where they are temporarily held. 

Racism is not dead in America - it just needs to be given an avenue before it rears its ugly head again and again. This editorial also underscores the point the politicians will almost always do whatever it takes to win - even if it means using underhanded tactics to fuel their cause.

Whether through 401K or some other method, people need to save for their future. Living beyond their means is a direct way to end up with financial crisis later on in life, burdens that fall to family members after death. Saving for retirement or just saving in general should be taught as a high priority. 

There will always be something negative to discuss - even when everything is seemingly good. Personal funds - not state funds were used to fund the election - yet, the editor makes an issue (a negative one) from it. What about the incumbent's near perfect record in office prior? When does that take precedence?

Powerful groups will try to change/modify laws to suit their own interests and hide behind justifications such as efficiency in terms of monetary and physical resources. This is often at the expense of the rights of a large section of the population - with the possibility of affecting all. 

Most travel agencies (hotels, airlines, rentals) all seem to be following this trend and I feel it's incredibly ridiculous. Searching for costs in order to make the most financially smart decision is hard without accurate fees being presented at the time of purchase or search. 

Immigration is a matter that should be open to discussion and not simply stated as a find and remove method. Though I firmly believe that people should be required to go through proper processes in order to live in the US, there are those who have been in the states for such a long period of time, actually trying to make an honest living and provide a better life. They should be provided options and not simply kicked out. 

My opinion has always been "what is the purpose of waging war if the persons you are fighting for are not better off for it?". This editorial supports that stance in insisting that US war tactics have to evolve to include as much(?) effort on the post fighting rehabilitation effort, making the war torn country safe for its innocent inhabitants.

I do not believe it should be a dismissable offense, but I do believe that some form of punishment or enforcement should be followed. As a government employee, you are still free to speak freely, but you should show some form of respect for the government in which you are working.

Decisions that impact such a large part of the population should be handled in a timely manner and not continuously postponed until new voices are added to the conversation. 

I think it's ridiculous to make couples decide who caused the marriage to fail; sometimes it just doesn't work and it mutually can be agreed upon that they should separate. Blame should not have to be placed if it is not necessary. 

It's ridiculous that couples divorcing should be forced to choose on whom to place the blame for the separation; sometimes marriages don't work and it can be mutually agreed upon that separation is the better option. Why add extra stress to an already stressful situation?

New tax measures - always controversial, and often self serving - is a subject of many debates, the implementation of which often affects the most vulnerable, the most adversely.

Stability and peace-keeping matters are great outcomes, but as I have said before regarding the US and its decisions to constantly help other countries in distress, a key priority of leaders should be to better their current situation before affecting others. 

The US administration does not appear to be sold on the importance of environmental preservation. Non-binding discussions in fact will not go far enough to galvanize the kid of action required by nations and their productive sectors in the sustained preserving of the environment.

I support the concept of eminent domain because I believe that those in power positions have the ability to use it for the greater good of the people. Situations like the above are a prime example--preserving land instead of over-developing communities. 

I agree about the importance of treating rather than punishing people with mental health problems. This supports my basic beliefs with more details.

I had forgotten that Pence was involved in immigration bills as a senator. This reinforced my view that most Republicans have anti-immigrant views and that the current white house is worse than ever.

This concept follows my belief that decisions need to be made regarding matters that affect the American people. Instead of constantly tabling issues until a later date, leaving people hanging in the meantime regarding health decisions for incapacitated family, legislature should ultimately decide and soon. 

I disagree with the point here, but reading the article reminded me of why I do. Bolton seemed terrible at the time but I don't think he did any lasting damage to American alliances. I think the left over reacted to his bluster and this is an example of it.

I am fully against the use of pesticides, not only for the effects they take on human consumption, but also on environmental matters and the risks they pose. Any chemicals that are not naturally from the environment will affect populations in nature and cause damage at all levels. 

American liberties - to include privacy, should be protected at all time. If there is no just cause for invasion of a person's/organisation;s privacy, it should not be allowed.

Recycling is key in our society, especially with our amount of consumption and wasted materials that pollute the environment. Maintaining a law that conducts residents to recycle is a wonderful idea. 

I am very supportive of recycling as much as possible in order to prevent less pollution and better the environment. This idea of recycling through law is much better for the environment and community, regardless of whether the money is returned to people or the overall community, allows stronger protection and more awareness for the environment and what is thrown away.

The details about LLCs were new to me. I agree with the point about campaign financing. 

(this editorial has come up several times) 

It's funny to read this after the housing crisis - the article was completely on the mark. More caution was needed. 

Disregarding the specific parties involved in this editorial, my overall perspective is that appointments in government and political matters should be dependent on abilities and experience to perform, not where allegiances fall or how money will be spent "campaigning" against the other side. Parties in power should not be focusing on campaigning and trying to come out on top, but rather on doing their best to better the situations at hand and working together with everyone involved to come up with the greatest solution. 

I don't like what Cuomo is doing these days as governor. This reminds me that he has always be an ambitious politician who doesn't pay enough attention to the needs of the people he serves.

I totally disagree with this, and it reinforced my stance against excess red tape and regulation. People should have the flexibility to use their vacation as they like, even if that means turning the vacation into extra pay.

Lobbyists and politicians need to have some form of ethical standards and regulations set and monitored to prevent reckless spending on matters and favors that affect them personally. 

1. Campaigning and political agendas should not be affecting decisions that need to be made regarding matters that affect the community and individuals in their region. 2. Utilities should not cost such a ridiculous amount that it is difficult for residents and businesses to afford same. 

True, Corporations will not always do the right thing when it comes on to environmental issues unless there are strict laws with meaningful sanctions to enforce this ( and even then sometimes they will still try to get out of its obligation) States should be treated no differently.

Environmental concerns should never be brushed aside in the face of development or industrialization as they will come back to haunt us generations down the line. This is increasingly true of protecting fresh water supply and dealing with waste.

When looking at the financial situations of a state, the governmental leaders should not be looking at pulling costs from existing employees and altering set contracts that are negotiable when contracts are up over the course of two- to three-year periods. I do appreciate that they would consider having union leaders attend conferences and maintain open communication throughout negotiations however. 

I think the entire educational system needs a reformation and to look at the priorities of furthering education. No Child Left Behind is good in theory but not as a way to maintain education. It allows students to be mainstreamed and kept at equal learning rates, but not all children learn the same and the methods can hold back those that are far above where their peers are. 

I agree with the need for campaign finance reform. I didn't know much about the "housekeeping" donations. 

I agree about the need to help those hurt after 911. This adds some good details.

Ambitious or not, forming strong relationships to further the production of cleaner fuels and emissions to protect the environment and promoting the awareness of same is an incredible step in the right direction. 

Even though I know it is not the way things are done, influence should not be able to be "bought" in order to promote one's ideas and political power. As I have previously stated, government officials and political figures should be closely monitored to be sure that they maintain a strict code of ethical conduct and follow regulations set (like the amount allowed to be donated). 

The government should help as much as possible to care for the sick and elderly. This is just another example of why that's needed.

Brining on Mr. Tobias to calm the American political is a bad notion. The Global Fund should be available to help people in need no matter their religious beliefs. 

There should be a cap on sick days and vacation days per year to prevent those trying to earn extra money from taking a day off when it is absolutely necessary, as well as taking days for mental health reasons (breaks are necessary to continue the most efficient work flow in an office). 

Programs should be continued for space exploration and the priorities should be set mutually between the scientists and government officials that manage the financial resources. Those that are responsible for finances should not be solely in charge of decisions for future developments. 

Freeing agents from going to judges to get subpoenas is opening the door to abuse of power in a major way. 

Both obesity and drug use, as well as any other health concerns for younger generations, should all be made priorities. The health of the youth is something that should be taught at an early age, not just drugs and alcohol, but also weight, mental health and others. During the times of development are easiest to prevent any future issues and the governments should treat all issues equally, not focus on one matter at a time. 

Government officials and political figures should be closely monitored to be sure that they maintain a strict code of ethical conduct and follow regulations set (like the amount allowed to be donated). Funds received should be closely monitored as well to ensure that all received amounts go to their purposes and not to the pockets of those in the campaign. 

Those that are affected from acting on behalf of our country should be cared for and helped in situations like this. The health of our first responders (and those that rushed to aid in the devastation) should be made a priority, as they risk their lives constantly to protect and serve. 

I agree that America is not doing the best that they can to prevent cyber based attacks and we need to look stronger at these issues. 

Educational reform is key in furthering the development of schools; more changes need to be  continuously made to ensure that students are receiving the proper education, whether the funding comes from the government or outsourced to help build upon a foundation already there. 

Educational reform is key in furthering the development of schools; more changes need to be  continuously made to ensure that students are receiving the proper education. Every child learns at different paces and different levels; they cannot be treated the same in order to fully grow and learn. Yes all children should achieve, but the success of all students should not undermine those that are at faster paces. 

Reducing emissions of gases and damages to the environment should be high priority. The idea of minimizing the amount issued into the atmosphere by finding small ways to reduce is wonderful. 

Minimum wage should be raised to accommodate for the raised cost of living; as prices go up, so should the minimum salary. 

Though both candidates sound like good choices, discussion does not solve issues at hand. Actions and decisions to take care of problems at the time of their need is priority. 

"Testing" other countries to see where they truly stand should never be an option. Countries that could pose a possible threat should be constantly engaged in discussion and compromise to ensure the safety of all. 

In order to remain nationally relevant, newspapers that strive for such status need to provide topics that are varied and appealing to the diversity of its readerships's interests.

Those selected for political positions should be chosen based on experience and qualifications, not political connections or party affiliations. 

The president needs to act upon setting limits and time restrictions to further the cause of peace instead of leaving it open-ended to continue his freedom of military decisions. 

I did not realize that the FDA was so drastically affected in recent years. More inspectors need to be implemented to prevent outbreaks and bacteria. 

Charges to outside parties should not be so large that families and friends need to debate maintaining contact. 

This editorial did reinforced my stance in that I do agree that Turkey has done a lot for the West, and they country has been screwed over by situations caused by Western countries. However, this editorial didn't argue whether or not the US needs Turkey more than Turkey needs the US.

A few years ago, I learned about the harmful effects of privatization of prisons. The inmates in privatized facilities are treated horribly and the owners, by and large, are in it for the money. I am against privatization of the prison system and that now includes privatized health care to inmates as well. This editorial gave me support for my argument against privatization of the prison system in any form or for any service, specifically, here, with health care.

I believe there should be rules of war in place, including how to treat prisoners of war with respect and dignity. I believe the military should not be allowed to treat prisoners of war in inhumane ways, and that such treatment should be frowned upon, discouraged, and punished. The editorial points out the vagueness or lack of details provided on report that supposedly details how prisoners should be treated. The vagueness is unacceptable. How will we know that abuse or inhumane treatment is not being allowed to proceed 

Lobbyists and politicians need to have some form of ethical standards and regulations set and monitored to prevent immoral actions and self-promoting acts.

I have seen the disparity in legal counsel and the problems the disparities can cause, especially for the most vulnerable populations. I believe that anything that would help to ensure that a person has good legal counsel should be enforced. The consular protocol sounds like something that should be kept in place so that individuals would have every opportunity for adequate, at least, legal counsel

While I think it's great to give out grants, I don't think that state officials should be giving out grants to friends where there are problems that need to be addressed and/or fixed.

Lobbyists and politicians need to have some form of ethical standards and regulations set and monitored to prevent such aggressive attacks and keep political races fair and peaceful, focusing on the true positions of the people.

Like this editorial I do think that renewal plans for cities are great, but I don't think that a skyscraper would fit a quaint space. However this editorial didn't enable me to argue the topic better as I know little about this area.

Lobbyists and politicians need to have some form of ethical standards and regulations set and monitored. 

The government needs to focus more on discussions of compromise and open communication instead of diving head-first into decisions that fall into the same failure category as all the others so far. 

Federal funding for emergency situations needs to be re-evaluated, as it seems it is not fully prepared to handle any situation of magnitude. 

Whether it took a long period of time or not, the success of movement and discussion should be celebrated towards future strategies and relationships. 

Political agendas and financial benefits should not play into judiciary decisions made against wrongdoers in the US. Punishments should be followed through, whether the company is in a position of power or not. 

Those placed in political positions should have experience or qualifications that justify the placement, not simply because they have connections or can further the agendas of others. 

Military and veterans' hospitals should be maintained and monitored with the utmost respect. The men and women who attend and are cared for deserve the ultimate care and service for their dedication to our country. 

Government officials and political figures should be closely monitored to be sure that they maintain a strict code of ethical conduct. They should be focusing on matters at hand that are of importance instead of the rush to campaign and win to further their own agendas. 

A policy change should be forced upon the leaders to speed up the process of peace and negotiations. The better chance we have of lessening the losses that we have all sustained up to this point is something that we should take advantage of. 

The environment should remain key to politicians and stay high on the list of priorities; energy-efficient bulbs should absolutely be used to replace the current standard to save energy and waste. 

We should not be encouraging military strength as the solution, but instead should be promoting compromise and discussion to reach peaceful outcomes. 

Sometimes old methods are better for the long term outcomes. Protecting reefs and ocean sections allows repopulation and promotes the survival of species and the environment overall. 

The unclaimed deposits should not go to the companies, but instead to environmental protection and pollution cleanup. 

I support mild taxes to support causes that could benefit the public, such as school improvements and infrastructure upgrades. Tax increases are used to raise money for or finance such issues. This editorial made me think of the kind of things that should be funded. I am more supportive of supporting, with taxpayer money, sure things that will benefit the common good-- like school improvements and infrastructure improvements. Who knows if stem cell research will have the benefits some anticipate; the jury is still out on that...I am less likely to support asking taxpayers to support something as uncertain as stem cell research. Ultimately, taxpayers will decide, at the polls, if they are willing to pay for it.

I support mild taxes to support causes that could benefit the public, such as school improvements and infrastructure upgrades. Tax increases are used to raise money for or finance such issues. This editorial made me think of the kind of things that should be funded. I am more supportive of supporting, with taxpayer money, sure things that will benefit the common good-- like school improvements and infrastructure improvements. Who knows if stem cell research will have the benefits some anticipate; the jury is still out on that...I am less likely to support asking taxpayers to support something as uncertain as stem cell research. Ultimately, taxpayers will decide, at the polls, if they are willing to pay for it.

I agree that this is important. But the article had many irrelevant details.

This is a great idea. It reinforced my belief that there are plenty of common sense measures to fight climate change.

I agree about the importance of a decent minimum wage. The examples of Wal-Mart employees are useful.

As New York is well-known for its taxi system, the change to a "clean fleet" is a wonderful idea that should be furthered and promoted. The amount of emissions put out by current vehicles, especially in such a condensed area, should absolutely be diminished. 

Though immigration is a challenging subject, requesting that those here illegally who wish to be here should pay fees and fines, as well as go through the process to become a citizen, is a good suggestion. It offers the option to stay instead of simply being removed from the country. 

I had forgotten about this case! Agree with the point made about Libya being in the wrong and needing to commit to human rights, but it feels odd in light of recent developments.

Based on the town’s financial standards and past experiences, I feel as though they should continue to push the issue. 

Capital punishment is a thought from the past, when standards and conduct were much different. Eliminating capital punishment is not going "soft" on crime; it is updating the methods of punishment to modern standards. 

Legislators should not be allowed to hold dual offices and it should be enforced prior to the vote in February; they are only accepting that clause because it will allow them the guarantee and time to plan for upcoming elections after.

Personal matters and personal agendas regarding those in political offices should be kept separate; their actions should not affect the people unless intentionally doing so. 

Turkey should not attack; they should first attempt to examine the situation and strategize before attacking the peaceful portion of the country. 

The appointment of people lacking in qualifications and experience only leads to further chaos within the departments they oversee. Political positions should be appointed based on actual qualities and not connections. 

It is always better to be cautious and not risk major complications further down the road. Women that may show symptoms should absolutely be on the alert and stay updated with their check-ups and health monitoring, including surgery if necessary. 

Though there may be a "permanent state of war" occurring around the world, that does not justify putting anyone, including the president, above the law and above common decency to human rights. 

I agree that helping prisoners get an education is important.  This has a lot of new information to me about their access to grants. 

Budget monitoring and budget decisions are always concerns within the government; it is admirable to have someone stand up and take charge to make decisions that are best for the people instead of listening to many voices all arguing for their personal gain. 

I disagree with the point of view here. I don't see the value in having an establishment candidate just to break up a Democrat monopoly.

Finances that are obtained, especially through public donation or non-profit organizations, can offer large sums to research that absolutely should be continuously conducted. Research into health cures and preventative measures should always have some type of strong funding. 

Unfortunately this editorial upholds one of my biggest beliefs: that politicians should spend more time focused on matters of importance to the people they serve instead of putting down their competitors and co-politicians and wasting time focused on campaigning alone. 

Positions do not "belong" to anyone; the entire point of elections is to offer the options for the people to choose a candidate they feel is proper for the position. Even in an appointment of position from a higher-up, a person should be chosen based on qualifications and not on what they believe is "owed" to them.

The demands of citizens to be treated with more than scant regard is seemingly resonating with powerful interests and are shaping many of the decisions of large cities that will affect the public at large.

Public financing of state campaigns could actually work in the favor of placing a cap on the amount allowed to be spent. Campaigns should be centered around the standards the politicians are upholding instead of the amount of money that can be raised. 

Political parties should not be allowed to "choose" who will be placed in a position of power; those that go along with the influence and bribery should absolutely receive punishment for their actions. 

Fair treatment should be an overall concept to determine situations and the threat deemed from them. Pushing political agendas to create a system that rides over fair treatment and decency is absurd. 

Decisions regarding social security should be for the greater good of the people, where the benefits outweigh the risks. Not vice versa.

Important legislation, as well as the time spent debating over issues that matter, should not be held until last minute. It should be priority to those in power, working to better the situations of the people the serve. 

Prisoners held anywhere, including Guantanamo Bay, have the right to be heard in court. It is absolutely ridiculous to assume they would not have that right, when fair trials are a key part of American culture. 

Immigration is a tough issue and handling situations involving it are never easy. I very much appreciate and support the way that this matter was handled; it should be used as an example for strategy throughout the country. 

Educational reform is absolutely necessary in American systems. Students should not even come close to a requirement of being held back to achieve basic levels to move up in grades. Students and their learning abilities should be the focus, not meeting state standards and teaching to the test. 

It seems that many state law makers like to waste money and this editorial is an example of this

Open discussions and compromise strategies should be priority when dealing with countries that are verging on such disastrous short term futures. We also should not be involving ourselves in the center of other countries' issues. 

Politicians and other political figureheads should be closely monitored and held to the highest standards of ethics and regulations. Finances that are brought in for campaigning should also be closely monitored to prevent any of it being used for personal gain, influences or pocketing. 

Despite the differences in political matters, it is refreshing to find out that some politicians see the need to better the environment and actually help the greater good of the people. 

While I think that there should be investigations when someone abuse their power, this editorial doesn't help me argue me stance better.

It reinforced my view that we should have a healthy skepticism about medical advances!

As is with nature, the environment will shift and change. We need to come up with strategies to maintain our land while protecting the environment. The preservation of the land and what exists should be priority. 

I agree with this editorial that Bloomberg should have help the 9/11 memorial as soon as he heard there was trouble. But this editorial doesn't help me reinforce my stance strongly as it didn't give enough information on the topic.

It reinforced my view that Democrats have to do more than just critique Republicans. This is true now too!

I think there should be laws that help curb government corruption, and I think that this editorial does a great job with helping me argue this topic better.

For reasons, there are a lot of political adversaries of Putin that die under mysterious ways. This editorial gives examples of two people that died that help me argue my stance that these people were assassinated  for opposing Putin.

I agree with this editorial about everything. It did help me argue the topic better as it gives examples like Guantanamo to show that the Iraq war stretch the military too thin and took away the US's moral high ground.

I think that corrupt politicians, no matter their politics, should be investigated. This editorial gives examples of corrupt Republicans.

I think there should be safety regulations for dangerous jobs like mining, and I think anyone who is appointed to offices that oversee these jobs should be willing to provide these safety regulations.This article enable me to argue the topic better by giving me examples on why these regulations are important.

I feel sorry for the victims of Katrina to wait so long to rebuild. I think that this editorial enabled me to argue the topic better as it gave examples of delays and costs that some might have to rebuild their homes.

If we are to believe that the prison service is not just for punishment but also for rehabilitation, if a convicted sex offender is still considered a risk, then they should not be released in the first place.

This confirmed all of my thoughts on Mr Wolfowitz

The bill was passed but with an expiry date and soon ISPs will be able to do whatever they want.

This is too long ago for me to know what the outcome was, but as far as the administration's failure with Iraq, this article supports my stance.

I believe in transparency in government, and I believe the election and voting process should be fair and transparent. Any legislation to make the election and voting process open, fair, and transparent are supported by me. 

I agree with this point and thought the editorial was convincing and detailed.

I agree. Democrats can't just oppose republicans but need to have their own, clear agenda.

I agree with this. It's old but seems still relevant.

The federal government needs to do more to help those in need. This is a great example.

I agree that the FDA needs to inspect for food safety as carefully as possible. 

I agree that it is important to rein in abuses of gov power.

I am for sustainable energy sources. This editorial provides new information to me on how to support renewable sources of energy. 

Prisoners need to be treated decently if they are to stand a chance of improving their lives and avoiding recidivism.

Net neutrality is very important. I agree with the point here. It's interesting to realize how far back the debate goes.

I agree that we Americans are a bit arrogant about our position in the world.

Fiscal responsibility is important and should be encouraged. Agree with this.

I agree. There should be as many checks and balances as possible to prevent the government from abusing its power and spying on ordinary people.

I didn't know about China's anti-satellite test. I agree about the need for arms control and found this article informative!

I agree about the importance of monitoring indicators of climate change and funding science in general.

I agree with this editorial completely. This editorial gives reasonable advice for everyone involved that helps me argue this topic. 

I agree with this article as hormone use does cause health problems for women, and more needs to be done to cure this cancer. However, this editorial doesn't provide enough for me to better argue the topic.

I think that schools should fire bad teachers and find ways to employee the best teachers. This editorial helps me argue this topic better as it gives me data to back up my stance.

$700M and $3.5B surplus? This doesn't show restraint on spending so much as it shown over an inflated budget.  The problem with public finances is that they are always controlled by weak minded fools who quite clearly have no idea and no repercussion for their failures.

It goes to show that people in power are above the law and can do whatever they wish with no danger of prosecution.

As long as government works the way it does, decisions on the environment and our sources of energy will continue to be based on selfish reasons and money.  It wouldn't be very difficult a government to invest and make renewable energy affordable for all Americans, however, they'd prefer to send billions on other things.

This makes sense. I hadn't thought much about the issue before.

Sometimes a positive situation turns negative resulting in a lose-lose for all. In instances such as these it takes a strong party to look beyond the initial need to punish and settle the situation that will be beneficial to both parties.

Public funds require public accountability. This is especially the case when there are large sums of money involved. The more transparency, the more accountability, the better.

Campaign funds, if not managed properly, can be siphoned off to do things for which it was never intended. Even though these funds are from donors, there has to be laws in place to govern its use and its origin, if the integrity of the system is to be maintained.

Industries have to be made accountable by why of laws and sanctions to taking care of the environment. These laws are often more effective when being developed and enforced at the local levels as they oftentimes drive greater compliance.

Yes, make the handling of state funds concentrated and transparent ... from budget development to execution. And then tie the accountability piece to it. This way, the public's interest is best served.

I agree that investing in renewable energy is important, and the gov should help. It's interesting to read about what motivates Republicans (energy independence) too.

I agree with this editorial that governments should be more transparent. However, I never knew that New York City had a deal with its private schools over park usage. 

Illegal immigrants seem to be okay provided they have children that play sports. Otherwise, I don’t really care much for sports.

I hadn't even thought about this issue but it makes so much sense. Of course rape victims should be offered contraception.

Look, this isn’t the first time and if people think they have privacy on their devices now they’re insane. The government watchdog is the least of your concerns if you aren’t breaking the law.

I think states should have reforms especially when it comes to campaign finance. However, I feel that this editorial didn't do enough in helping me support my stance.

The way I read this is that the government mismanaged funds, again, and we are behind on tracking weather patterns. This year alone has made that bothersome.

Just, why are we expecting the government to be up front about money? We will never not need foreign oil.

I think it's a great idea for there to be new airports in New York City especially since it allows job growth. However, I don't feel that this editorial had enough information for me to really argue my stance.

I think its a good thing to separate the pay and pay rises between a state's legislative and judicial branches. This editorial allows me to use New York as an example if I ever have to discuss this topic.

I think this editorial is correct in that the Iraqi's need to do more about their security without the help of the US government. The editorial enables me to argue this topic in that it provides some data about the Iraqi troops.

With any consolidation of resources, there is bound to be issues of anxiety among the affected parties. This will oftentimes cause resistance to the proposed merge.

There isn't much new here but it is still striking how long this debate has been going on...and nothing has changed!

Voter fraud is an important issue! Again, there's not much new here but it is a good reminder.

I agree about the importance of transparency, especially on military issues. This is a great example.

This problem has grown so much since this editorial was written. It's interesting to see what was being said at that time; it reinforces my feeling that this is a deep and tricky problem!

I agree that mergers, especially media mergers, are problematic.  This is a good example of that.

I agree about the importance of transparancy. This is a good example.

Caring for veterans is hugely important and often our government fails at this. This was a striking example.

It is amazing how nothing changes on this issue. I agree that it needs to be dealt with. There's not much new here though.

Yes, all these purpose spending budget's should be made public. However, the article doesn't state what the money that would be taken away from the public database would be used for so this article only somewhat reinforce my stance.

While I think I might have just answered this annotation, this editorial only somewhat reinforced my stance in making everything a government does public. The reason is that the editorial never quite states what the Republicans in New York state government want to spend the budget on.

I don't think the government should allow non-citizens to enroll in tax payer funded health care. Programs like Medicare where designed for poor citizens to get health care, and this editorial does a great job in explaining this which helps me argue the topic better.

The more I read these articles the more I realize that successive governments just talk and argue, pass pointless legislature, accomplish nothing of any good and just waste time and our money.

Until organized religion is wiped out, there will never be any progress in this country.

I think that the government should be responsible for the upkeep of levees and the like. This editorial strongly reinforced my stance by giving me data in order to use this topic as an example of the importance of levee upkeep.

There are plenty of alternatives to fossil fuels, however, the lobbyists from coal and oil make persuasive arguments.  Simply ending these fuels or imposing large taxes on them have many negative repercussions.  If you want to end fossil fuels, you need to find alternatives that work for everyone.

There are plenty of technological solutions available that could solve these issues, however, they are no interest as they would be very cheap to implement and no one is interested in a 'solution' that doesn't cost millions of dollars.

Really?  I'm lost for words.

The Bush administrations reaction, or rather lack of action, after Katrina was shameful.  

Nothing much has changed.

Years later and the same issues and same 'solutions' exist.

It goes without saying: 'powerful parties have more rights than regular people'.

I am in favor of Gay marriage. I prefer this be affirmed through the legislature and not the Judiciary but I think this editorial does well to push for legal marital protections for homosexual couples. 

Mis-matched inexperienced people being handed jobs that they are not qualified for is how government 'works'.

How America treats it's veterans is shameful, however, this has been going on for decades and it never seems to get better.

Getting elected costs money!

Updating voting practices to increase accuracy and efficiency is a great idea. It should be widely practiced across the country. 

Years later and the situation only got worse.  Well done!

Wares especially continued ones need to be properly funded. The government failures to properly fund the Iraq war was disgraceful to all the men and women in uniform. 

North Korea is and was a nuclear threat. Steps need to be taken, especially by China, to limit the nuclear cpabilities of the country. 

Be it a fence in the past or a Wall in the present. There is absolutely no need for it. They are both useless in solving the problem of illegal immigration. Not only that but the article apply points out that immigration as a whole is good, which is true. 

This editorial somewhat reinforced my stance that there needs to be more done about sex trafficking. However, I that the editorial didn't provide enough information on New York's proposals in stopping the topic from happening.

I think that pandering is stupid and this editorial reinforce this by using Gulliani as an example. This editorial can be cited as an example if I ever have to argue the topic.

This makes a lot of sense. Free trade needs to be balanced with social programs.

I love the idea of simple solutions to big problems like climate change. This made me want to change my lightbulbs.

I love the idea that ancient wisdom can guide us in preserving our habitats.

I agree with the importance of reforming Albany. This article makes some clear and relevant points.

This makes a lot of sense. Deposits on bottles is such a simple incentive to increase recycling.

This is still relevant today -- I agree that the point  system is problematic and that the push to end "chain migration" is ugly.

This is interesting and not something I knew much about.

I like this positive way of looking at climate change -- there are changes we can make to improve things.

American needs to be more selective in forming alliances. This is a good example.

I am also against the death penalty, and this article is a good example of the cowardice around the issue.

It's awful to think about how corporations take over everything, even old names! I love their description of Martha Stewart's sprawling empire where everything is meticulous and perfect but for sale.

Turkey continues to upset balance in the region; this article still feels relevant.

Gonzales is a good example of government power gone wrong, and a good reminder of what we need to avoid.

I think we don't show enough appreciation to political-minded artists. I agree with this article -- Arthur Miller is a great example.

I agree that we need better care for women's illness.

We should take nuclear disarmament more seriously,but it tends to turn into a political show. This is a good example.

I agree that America has a lot of human rights abuses to answer for, and this is a good example.

Immigration reform is so important -- this article is a good example of how difficult it is to reach a deal, because of political problems.

America has a duty to fix human rights abuses -- this is a good example.

I agree about the importance of campaign financne and anti-corruption.

I agree with this entire editorial. Both strongly reinforced my stance and enabled me to argue this topic better as it gives examples of real world situations in which the purposed bottle bill will be a terrible idea.

It makes so much sense to tax plastic surgery and use the money for medical research. I didn't know about this idea.

Police need to protect all residents, whether they are citizens or not. This is a good example of how they often fail.

We continue to give tax cuts to the rich when our overall budget is in trouble. This is a good reminder of how old this problem is.

Albany needs reform, and these are good examples.

I’ve witnessed bill collectors using unethical methods while claiming to just be doing their job. They really need to crack down harder on those using inappropriate practices. 

While it's great that the environment in the Sound is improving, this editorial only somewhat reinforced my stance. Since these laws can improve the economy and give fishermen works, I have no problem with it. But this editorial didn't provide anymore solutions other than bills.

All branches of the government need to be more mindful of spending and budgets. 

I think that anyone who is proposing reform should follow these reform ideas themselves. This editorial however never said how much Spitzer raised in California, so there is no way to now if he is being hypocritical or not.

A ban on contract lobbying makes so much sense. This article reinforced my view.

Judges should never be appointed as a political favor; this is a good example of how problematic that is.

Politics shouldn't be dominated by narrow sectarian alliances; this is a great example of that.

America has a shameful human rights record and uses the excuse of fighting terrorism to defend its own record. This is a good example of how countries can do better.

Social security needs to be protected, not privatized. This is a good reminder about the secrecy and lies that surrounded that debate.

I think it's terrible for companies to give doctor offices kickbacks for using their products especially when research shows it does more harm than good.This editorial gave me new information as I, like a lot people, thought that these medicines actually helped patients instead of harming them.

Emergency preparedness is important, both for individuals and government. This is a good reminder of that.

Bush committed shameful abuses in the name of fighting terror. These are good examples.

Trafficking is an important issue that needs to be addressed. This is still a major problem.

I think big cities like New York should have trafficking laws. This editorial reinforces this by giving examples and showing how bad the situation is in the city.

I think this editorial is correct that the US should be tougher on Iran's nuclear program. This editorial provided some new evidence in which the US might have to give into Iran, which might be a good idea although I doubt it.

This editorial does reinforce my stance that the government should be spending the budget wisely and that some of Bush's spending and tax cuts were misguided.However, I don't think that the editorial helps me argue the topic better as all the evidence was mostly speculation. 

I think that it's great to reform campaign financing. And this editorial did a good job explaining why New York City needs these reforms.

I agree that withdrawal from Iraq will be messy and that America's allies should do more to help. However, I'm not as optimistic as the editorial that the US's allies will help even though there is incentive to keep the world safe.

The people of each Town, county, state and nation need to have the power to remove any official who is not working for the people. It’s ridiculous that a Town had to pay an official who was a pedophile to make him step down.

I think this editorial is correct in that this study should be done in areas that have more deer than people. This study has a potential in finding a cure or at least a treatment for deer that have Lyme disease. This editorial doesn't help me argue the topic better as it is only about a purpose study.

Agreed.  If 'the flaw can be ''fixed in a minute. ''... the Legislature should fix it'.

This is difficult problem and I don't think any government is capable of solving it.

Another issue, no government seems capable of solving.  Introducing benefit programs and then not telling anybody about them is typical underhand government politics. 

'There is no possible triumph in Iraq and very little hope left.'  The only point!

Short term solutions that produce long term issues that come to light after a new administration is in office, isn't that politics is all about? 

Our bodies safe our own and there need to be people in office who accept that. I’m pro choice because I’m not the one who has to answer to God and you will never outlaw abortion. You can outlaw safe abortions which can lead to new diseases or the spread of old ones.

Albany is totally disfunctional; this is yet another example of that.

Civil liberties need to be protected. This is a great example of the way they are often trampled on. 

I agree that a far right judge wouldn’t work well in that political climate. I don’t remember what ended up happening. 

Okay, so fiscal responsibility is important and the government is kind of not the best, but it looks like Albany tried a lot of things back then.

This is crap. No woman should be forced to carry her rapist’s baby.

This editorial revealed the appreciation citizens have for responsive government. Even when it does not execute its agenda perfectly, such as the arm rest issue here, good government can be responsive enough to address complaints and try to improve.

This editorial did a good job of distinguishing the positions of the Democratic primary options. While the editorial endorsed Aydelott, I wonder if this is because she was formerly a Republican.

This problem is still around today-- American economy is still fragile, in part because of the same reasons discussed here.

It is so nice to read about a community making positive changes to help immigrants adjust to American society. This reinforced my view that this is possible. 

Schools should be addressing their problems, not just pretending to by using scare tactics. This is still a problem.

I agree that medicine should be regulated. I didn't know about the fake medicine problem!

Aside from same-sex marriage being a moral issue, its complication as a legal issue should not be overlooked. It often gets treated as a political hot potato between various courts.

Given the relatively low-cost of replacing antiquated voting machines, this editorial makes a strong case for their implementation (and subsequent improvement). 

While the Iraq war is flawed from a strategic and ethical stance, the under-funding of a military already stretched thin is a scandal that deserves more scrutiny .This editorial proves that, with solid numbers.

Fences between Mexico and the United States are not the answer to the illegal immigration problem. This article rightfully cites the issues of low wages for citizen workers as well unequal enforcement allowing some businesses who employ illegal labor to undercut those which don't. This article approaches the issue in a non-ideological way.

The mentally ill deserve proper care-- and in a way, it's especially important for people who end up in prison.

It's depressing to think what a mess the US caused when we invaded Iraq. The situation there is still terriblem

I totally agree -- we shouldn't waste money on overly fancy memorials. This should have been heeded at the time.

I'm glad we don't have a Wal-Mart in New York. This made some good arguments.

In general, I think appointments should be non-partisan. This is a good example of that issue.

This supports my basic feeling that the US invasion made a mess out of Iraq.

I agree that climate change is an important issue, and this is a great example.

I agree with the editorial that reforming voting in the US should be a bipartisan issue. However, this editorial does enable me to argue the topic better as it provides data like how long some people wait and reliability of voting methods.

Corporate consolidation eliminates competitive spirit and leads to worse service for consumers. This editorial describes government as having a "referee" role in the private sector, which I thought was a very good way to describe what government should do.

Hedge funds tend to be destructive for a number of reasons, which this editorial describes. Not only are they opaque to regulators, they also tend to increase the likelihood of insider trading.

This article provides examples of how badly Katrina was mismanaged 

The Times reveals that it has endorsed Shays in every other race in which he has been involved. It is also correct in mentioning that the Republican party has shifted so far to the right that Shays was forced to take very radical policy positions.

The Hubble launch ushered in a new era of space discovery. Maintenance of the telescope is never absolutely safe, but I agree with the editorial that it is reasonably safe enough to justify the risk in the name of science.

Climate change is not being seriously addressed to the extent that it needs to be in the international community. I was unaware of the Blair administration's report. While the editorial addresses critiques of the report, I agree with its central premise that the Bush administration does not devote nearly the policy initiative nor financial commitment needed to combat climate change.

Wage stagnation which accompanies an economy in which wealth inequality is extreme is a predictable outgrowth of Republican (and sadly, too often, Democratic) policies. This editorial is correct in stating that home equity borrowing masks underlying fundamental economic problems.

The ouster of Donald Rumsfeld is certainly warranted. However, the editorial is correct in stating that as long as the Bush administration is focused on "victory" in Iraq, only more wasted lives and wasted dollars will result.

I strongly agree with this editorial as Hamas is a terrorist organization and I believe any diplomatic matters concerning Hamas should be based on their behavior. But I don't believe that this editorial enables me to argue my stance since it doesn't provide any new evidence. 

Corporate profits gained through murky and/or illegal methods are always problematic to a democracy. The editorial helpfully reminds us that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was not responsible for gains in foreign competitiveness in the past decade.

Passage of legislation in the waning days of a lame-duck session is one of the most-used methods of passing radical legislation. The Pombo drilling proposal is an environmentally radical proposal which would hurt marine environments on America's shores.

I was unaware of integrated gasification combined cycle power plants as an alternative to coal. While I am certainly  not in favor of pollution, I understand the developing world's argument that strict environmental regulations present unfair obstacles to competitiveness, since the wealthy countries did not face them while amassing their wealth in the 19th and 20th centuries.

The machinations of currency fluctuation always seemed a little arbitrary. That the American currency is weak due to tremendous government debt, however, makes complete sense.

I agree with this editorial strongly as many bad people like MS-13 members find ways into the US through the lax enforcement of immigration laws. I think all law enforcement officials should help with this problem. This editorial helps me argue my stance as it gives a basic overview of the crimes of this gang.

The raids on the Swift processing plant reveal that illegal immigration is beneficial to companies. However, as the editorial states, it would be more beneficial for both immigrant and business to overhaul immigration policy to allow for completely legal solutions for both business and worker.

The Iranian threat, in my opinion, is overblown. Ahmedinejad is no democrat, to be sure, but Iran has not been in violation of any nuclear sanctions already in place. The editorial advises a more confrontational approach with Iran, which I disagree with.

Although Ethiopia was attacking Somali Islamic militants, pre-emptive warfare is rarely a good solution. The editorial agrees with this assessment.

al-Maliki wanted to present the topple of Saddam Hussein in a light which would rally his own base. That the footage might be used as anti-American propaganda is a valid point the editorial makes, in addition to the broader point about the failure of the stated objective of bringing Iraq into the orbit of democratic norms.

That income inequality has soared in the United States since the end of the 1970's is widely known. That the decrease in available Social Security funds is at least party attributable to the wealthy paying less in payroll taxes is one of the biggest shams in American politics, as conservatives attempt to create false alarm about the health of Social Security in order to justify privatization.

America's nuclear arsenal is unmatched anywhere in the world. Spending more on nuclear improvement is wasteful and confrontational. I agree with the editorial that money would be better spent in arms reduction.

The Bush administration places right-wing ideologues anywhere it has the legal right to do so. The appointment of yet another one as US attorney for Arkansas should not have come as a surprise. The Democratic objection will likely amount to little.

That al-Maliki's domestic agenda would diverge with America's interests should not have been a surprise. That the Bush administration did not adequately prepare for the political vacuum left after the ouster of Saddam Hussein is reckless and irresponsible.

I agree that the Democratic Party needed to make stronger strides in the immigration movement 

This article provides goods examples of how badly managed the iraq situation was. 

I support these efforts to create more diversity in schools. 

I agree that the fda should be allocated more resources 

This is another good example of the ridiculousness of the bush administration and their hypocrisy. 

I agree with the editorial's position that the revolving door between government and lobbying should be addressed, I took objection to the "as deep as their television makeup" crack which seemed juvenile.

This reinforced my opinions on what a disaster the Iraq war was

We absolutely need more humane prison practices in the US and this is a great example of one area that needs to be improved. 

The Long Island Rail Road certainly needs improvement and increased rider capacity. That Republican O'Connell opposes it not only speaks to, as the editorial states, a "not in my backyard" stance, it also reveals antipathy toward non-car transit options.

While Connecticut is a small state, I think this budget is a terrible thing. It seems that they are wasting money on things like meters.This editorial reinforce my stance that politics is very messy and no one gets what they want.

I definitely wish we had done more in Darfur. 

Casino gambling often leaves destitution in its wake. I was not aware that the Atlantic City casino owners convinced the city to allow reinvestment into the casinos themselves, instead of  the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority  investing directly into the community, which seems very close to theft.

The editorial makes the important point that simple ethnic representation should not be motivation to vote for a particular candidate. 

The editorial gives good advice in suggesting a direct linkage between the Shiite-led Iraqi government performance with additional funding for the war. It is also correct in stating that the 17 Republican senators who sided with Democrats to oppose 20,000 additional troops were not acting in a terribly courageous way.

I think that every community needs a hospital and there needs to be people to fight for these institutions especially if people are hemorrhaging money. This editorial allows me to argue the topic better as I can use this as an example.

When the stated socially-useful mission of an agency like the Council on Affordable Housing fails, it undermines the credibility of government to address pressing social and economic needs. 

I do believe that libraries are important, however people don't want to pay more taxes. This editorial only solution is have congress give more money to libraries, which doesn't enable me to better argue this topic.

There are so many questions to consider when voting. Self education and going into the voting booth knowing everything you can about the candidates is key in every election.

Maybe we should come up with better ways to power our country as a whole that is clean energy rather than polluting the land we will give to our children and grandchildren. 

I always had assumed that journalists had special protections as long as any claim wasn't libel especially when it came to undercover work in the US. Finding out that there wasn't anything in place in many states was surprising, so I agreed with this editorial

I strongly support net neutrality but i didn’t feel like this article provided good statistics or anything for arguing. 

I also hope that someone with such experience could be helpful to the inexperienced unprofessional bush administration 

Bush’s wiretapping and Spying on American citizens was wrong. 

I agree that a treaty would be better than an arms race. 

This article provides examples of how behind the bush adminsjtratkon was in fighting climate change. 

This article reinforces my feelings on Bush’s incompetence in fighting climate change 

I absolutely agree that more needs to be done to improve recidivism rates through more opportunities for felons and that the prison and criminal justice system in general is broken. 

This lack of access to emergency contraceptives for rape victkms in Connecticut is outrageous. 

This article lacked really in depth research but it supported my views on climate change 

I agree that bush owes this to the American people. 

This recovery effort was such a disaster and hallmark failure of the bush administration, this article provides arguing points. 

I agree that Bush needed to improve his diplomacy efforts 

I agree that more needs to be done for American workers 

Something needs to change about the way that corporations are protected more than people. 

I think a casino in the Catskills is a bad idea. 

I agree there should be more government accountability 

This guy definitely doesn’t sound qualified for the job. 

I absolutely agree veterans deserve better. 

This article provided good examples of the mismanagement and failure of Rhe Iraq war 

I agree with this editorial that old people should be protected in the work place. This editorial reinforces my stance by giving some evidence from the actual court case which enables me to discuss the topic.

I think that Congress should work together to find a war to end the US's involvement in Iraq. This editorial reinforce my stance as it gave different proposals from Congress, some I agree with and some I disagree with.

This editorial proves my stance that Congress adds funding to their pet projects when passing funds for something important. The editorial can be used as an example if I need to argue the topic.

I think that there should be rule in place to help protect the teenage interns from predators even if these people are members of Congress. This editorial enables me to argue the topic better as it provides details about this case.

While I knew that Iraq was mismanaged, I didn't know it was this bad.  This editorial provided new information that supports my stance giving examples on how badly mismanaged this bad such as the Pentagon not keeping tabs on weapons.

Yes many nurses are older and it is wrong for hospitals to outsource jobs to get nurses from very poor countries.  I do think that there should be more incentives to get more people to join the profession. But this editorial doesn't give  any solutions that would strongly reinforce my stance.

It supports my opinion on bringing troops home as fast as possible.  

I like the details used in the argument and the practicality it envokes. 

It talked pragmatically (although generally) about topics that interest me. 

I do believe a confirmation slip after electronic voting would make sense. 

I think the article makes good points - and plausible suggestions for progress. 

The numbers speak for themselves - higher income families have much better chances for the kids in the status quo.  

States absolutely have the right in my opinion to demand stricter environmental laws.  

Perhaps 'Mr. Spitzer and the legislature should go one better and make 2007 the Year of Reform.', but I don't think they did.

This is typical overly complicated legislature that only a politician could come up with.  The solution is quite straight forward without any of this nonsense.

That the word "scrotum" causes such a furor, especially when it is pertaining to a dog, seems ridiculous. I am glad the editorial  agrees and that a few brave librarians are opposing their colleagues in being shocked by it.

The Bush administration is deceitful, as the intelligence used to hype the Iraq war demonstrated. That it also overhyped the progress of the North Korean nuclear program is hardly surprising.

Unfortunately, that is what democracy is.

I agree with the editorial when it says that some of the year's $1 billion budget surplus should be used for tax relief to the middle- and lower-income residents of New York state, and also that some should be used to pay down the state's $50 billion debt.

I agree that the state budget surplus should be used to lower the tax burden of lower- and middle-income New York residents and also that it should also go toward paying down some of the state's existing debt.

US immigration policy remains centered in fear mongering over the loss of US jobs and the criminal element of immigrants. 

Using international law to punish regimes which are either directly responsible for or complicit in genocide is a worthwhile practice to deter future genocide. Serbia was rightfully held to account by the decision, as the editorial states, setting precedent for the Darfur case.

While of course the Bush administration would oppose any pro-union legislation proposed, I was not aware that more than 31,000 workers were receiving payment for discrimination based on union-related activities, a statistic which partly reveals the magnitude of the problem.

The editorial points out the problem of those who have fought alongside Americans being denied refugee status and correctly places the root of the problem, the language in the 1990 immigration, as needing to be addressed first to clarify who qualifies. 

The reasons for tariffs are more political than they are economical, one can hardly expect the US to lenient on the 'poor countries of Asia and the Muslim' world at the expense of allies and strong trade partners. 

Regardless of whether or not you believe in man made global warming, major investment into harnessing the abundant freely available energy: wind, solar, hydro should make sense to anyone, however, policies are rarely made that are in the best interest of the environment. 

There is no exit strategy, the war was a mistake that made the whole world a worse place.

I agree that the S-Chip program has been successful in providing health insurance to children who lacked access otherwise. The editorial rightfully blasts the Bush administration for slashing funding.

Several other articles have already covered this.

I agree: 'The United States belongs on the side of Pakistani democracy'.

MySpace!  Really?  This article goes to prove that they is no way that legislators can keep up with changes in technology and trends.

I am never surprised at politicians ability to milk the system in their own favor.

I'm sure anything that the US did was well thought out and justified at the time, however, it is very clear that whatever was done or not done resulted in a complete and total mess.

Not much has changed.

Donations should be capped.

The points seem obvious.

The supreme court ruled that the detainees could challenge their detention back in 2008, Obama signed an executive order to close the detention camp in 2009, however it's still not closed and there are still detainees.

Obviously sorting out immigration is beyond the abilities of any government, perhaps they want to keep it that way so it can be used for the rhetoric spouted by anyone seeking elected office.

I'm guessing that this article was written around 2007.  Eleven years later and Gitmo is still open.

This article provides arguing points to support my views on immigration. 

This sounds like a good idea to switch to fluorescent bulbs 

The editorial is correct when it states that pay-go need not jeopardize funding for vital programs. It correctly states that few politicians have the political will to present the public the reality that in order for essential programs to continue, that sometimes taxes need to be raised/

The editorial's position in support of the new rules. While a $50,000 stake in the company the researchers are working on behalf of is a little high, as stated in the editorial, it is at least a barrier. I was not familiar with the Bextra and Vioxx situation, however, which is a miscarriage of justice.

This article provided concrete examples of the mismanagement and disastrous state of Iraq. 

I support preserving the oceans and this bill sounds at odds with that. 

I support campaign finance reform. 

I support the passage of this bill as well. 

This article supports my positions on immigration. 

I support making changes to reduce climate change. 

This article supports my views on the Iraq disaster. 

More legislature based on religious fears or on a reaction to an action movie.  This is the same way governments decide on firearms or abortion laws. Why are governments so stupid?

The desire for Israel/Palestine peace is logical, but the track record of Condoleeza Rice for making peace is not good. I agree with the editorial's stance, but the Saudis are also not impartial actors here. 

The prosecutor purge is yet another example of Bush administration malfeasance and recklessness. This editorial is correct in stating that Rove, Miers, and others need to be questioned under oath and their responses made public.

While I agree that moving the New York primaries earlier would make candidates address New York issues early in the campaign season, the editorial rightly worries about the winner-take-all system on the Republican side.  This issue can be resolved by the Republican party, however.

The are lots of issues with campaign financing in the US, I doubt that the inequalities will ever be fixed.

I remember this, there was a police officer charged with the murder but he was later acquitted.

There is little evidence that anything the Bush Administration did over its two terms made an fiscal sense so I find it hard to single out any one particular thing such as the tax cut mentioned in this article.

I am an advocate of community land trusts, and the editorial rightly identifies the challenges Mr. Spano faces in trying to broaden support for this initiative.

Of all the criticisms levied at those who oppose the Iraq war, that they are too "emotional" is certainly a low-blow and the editorial rightly points that out, especially in light of his criticism of one-time ally Matthew Dowd.

I agree that 'A complete ban on contract lobbying is a good idea', however, I doubt it will ever happen.

Nothing that Bush did in Iraq resulted in a benefit for the US.

I agree 'The most workable and fair way to choose judges to date has been a merit selection system'.

Well that worked out well...

Our government is farcical.  The president is and remains to be above the law. 

The "we don't negotiate with terrorists" line is more appropriate for movies than reality. I am glad readers agreed with the British soldiers' survival instincts.

This editorial addressed both the low salaries of state legislators and the potential conflicts of interest that arise when politicians double as lobbyists.

Any privatization will ultimately end in long term disadvantages for the American people that far outweigh the already poorly administered trash that we have now.

The editorial rightly states that avoiding a deadline for withdrawal is the most difficult (and erroneous) course of action for the Bush administration.

I agree that the US shouldn’t be picking the lesser of two evils and should stand by their principles. 

I agree with the article in opposing the death penalty. 

I think the safety measures recommended in this article are sound. 

I oppose the Guantanamo detention center. What I learned was that the administration was trying to remove confidentiality from inmate/lawyer correspondence.

I agree that international pressure is the only way to deal with North Korea. This editorial is right to point out that only this pressure will ever push North Korea to denuclearize. 

Competition is at the heart of the United States economic system. Anti-trust laws, though regulations, are important to keep competition alive. This article is right to point it out.  

I knew that the FDA was compromised by payment from industry, but I was unaware of exactly how the fee process worked, which the editorial explained, and explained why they are so problematic. 

The rebuilding of New Orleans after Katrina was mishandled, through both deliberate negligence and incompetence. I did not know that the rebuilt levees themselves were poorly constructed, as the editorial states, reporting from National Geographic.

The budget was passed it was meant to put the US in the black by 2012.  Well that didn't pan out, did it?

Human trafficking is a global problem, as is slavery. That it has taken root in New York City is not surprising, given the size of the city and the ruthless nature of many of its inhabitants.

Avandia dangers should have been heeded earlier, as the editorial states. Thousands of patients per year might be small in relative terms, but still represents thousands of lives made worse by lack of FDA responsibility at best, or corruption at worst.

It sounds like this ban will at least do some to help curb corruption in the state government. 

The authorities system in major urban areas like New York and Los Angeles are always potential sources of abuse, since their reporting, internal audit, and public scrutiny are less than the visible faces of government, as the editorial states. I agree that the authorities need to come out of the shadows.

Protection of Wetlands is important. The article is right to point this out and the Senate bill will do this well. 

The rule of law clearly doesn't apply to the president and it's naive to think that it does, this is just something we assume to be true as a president who is above the law is a dangerous thing to have, however, it is essentially what we have got..

I support a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and was unaware of the provisions in this proposal that require entrance and re-entry periodically, which seems purposely cumbersome.

I agree that congress needed to take action on this. 

If it makes so much sense and no one apposes it what's the point of this article?

Why is anyone including the author of this article surprised that these people are incapable of doing the job to which they have been elected?

Avandia and other safe drugs should not be allowed to reach market without full understanding of risks. This is consistent with free market principles. When drug companies attempt to find legal loopholes to conceal the type and extent of risk of their products, they are not being capitalists, but instead, criminals.

The Hubble telescope is of grave importance and should be prioritized. 

It's a nice idea, but we lost fundamental freedoms after 9/11 and these will never be returned to us.

Personally knowing many home health care aides, I am familiar with the second-class worker status they are treated as by law. The example of Evelyn Cooke is unfortunately typical of the treatment these workers receive in a legal setting.

I agree that Turkish invasion could be detrimental. I think they did end up attacking and it was detrimental. 

Universal access to AIDS treatment is a human rights issue which should receive more deliberate and proactive attention, as this article states. The Group of 8 should reinstate its previous, more ambitious goals.

I agree that this bill should be passed. 

Homelessness is a major American problem. I agree with the editorial's stance that fixing it is as much a responsibility for homeless individuals as it is for governments. 

Sex abuse by clergy is a scandal. That the Bridgeport Diocese tried to justify sealing records out of alleged concern for the victims is as shameful as the editorial contends.

I support the reform for campaign financing. 

I know someone now who is dying of ovarian cancer because doctors ignored her symptoms, this article provides good argument points. 

There needs to be more done to change the cultural views of women to
Prevent these killings and dismissals of their cases. 

The US took sides a long time ago and is incapable of being impartial when it comes to Israel's mis-treatment of its neighbors.

Although Spitzer is far from perfect, Suozzi's close Wall Street ties would present a number of conflicts of interest. I agree with the editorial's endorsement of Spitzer. 

The economic warning was there before the large crash. The article was right to point these out. Not enough families were prepared. 

This is typical of the anti-Iran rhetoric in the media perpetratored by people who have little knowledge of Iran or Ahmadinejad.  

The Bush appointments, including Gonzales, are always made to ideologues. The editorial is correct in combating the narrative that the appointments are made out of a sense of loyalty. Instead, they result from their willingness to carry out foolhardy directives, as the case of George Tenet and the WMD fiasco illustrates.

Governor Richardson's compromise offer to set aside 640,000 acres of the Chihuahuan Desert grasslands is a good-faith compromise. The editorial is right in suggesting the Bush administration seriously consider it.

The Iraq war was heavily mismanaged. The article is right to point out Mr. Rumsfeld as one of the culprits of this. 

This article is anti-Bush, I'm sure there are many articles that are anti Clinton or Obama and many more that are anti-Trump.  I'd prefer to read something that reposrts facts without any bias, but real journalism died a long time ago and now we just have opinion and rhetoric that supports the authors narrative.

Attempting to prevent illegal migration is okay but purposely putting hurdles in front of babies to avoid them from getting Medicaid is heartless. 

This article provided arguing points for the horrific inhumane treatment of POWs by Americans 

This is a great move and this article provides a lot of supporting evidence to promote the idea. 

I agree the Bush needed to take some kind of action on immigration. 

Counterfeit drugs are only profitable because the price of medication is so high.  If the government socialized prescriptions, then there would be no reason why counterfeit medications would ever enter the country.

More fear mongering from the uneducated who don't acutally realize how difficult it would for a terrorist to cause a melt down.  I wish they would start reading books rather than making their minds up based on a Hollywood movie that they once saw.

Whether or not inmates had disability and Medicaid benefits in hand before they left jail is dependent on your view that after an inmate leaves jail they have paid their debt to society or not.  Technically an inmate on parole has not, so why should they be entitled to the same benefits that law abiding tax payers are?

Devious and dishonest politicians will continue to be elected as they are they only ones who could survive in such a morally devoid swamp as government.

$1B is clearly ridiculous and obviously someone is profiting form this which morally reprehensible.  Building this monument is an honor and should be completed at the minimum cost and at zero profit.

Shady developers in Newark are nothing new, given the poverty rate of this area of New Jersey. I agree with the editorial that Chairman Baraka is to be commended for proposing a moratorium on future sales of city-owned property until the low-cost sell-off ends.

I agree with the article that pope Benedict came with some fear over what kind of policy he would enact. 

That there is institutional government bias against the middle class and for the wealthy is very true. I was unaware that the IRS had plans to use private debt collectors to harass those who owed less than $25,000 while easing off the tax responsibilities of the wealthy.

Sometime we are the United States only in name.

The recommendations in the editorial are all sound--eliminate soft money, public election financing, and do away with unlimited contributions to so-called "housekeeping" accounts.

This administration as well as all previous and subsequent administrations continually talk and deliver no real solution.

I support bottle redemption efforts. I was not aware that in New York, that redemption was limited to carbonated beverages and beer. 

Cutting $1.7 million funding from a study that has already been running for 20 years seems in line with the kind of stupidity that we came to expect from Bush. 

Jack Abramoff and Karl Rove's relationship is certainly not as Karl Rove has tried to describe. I did not know that they shared seats in a luxury box at a sporting event, which is a little more than coincidental.

Dick Cheney's tie-breaking vote in approving the budget was ludicrous and spiteful. Stopping sneaking in Arctic drilling was positive, as the article states, and the renewal of the Patriot Act disappointing.

That the corporate tax holiday would  not help average Americans was obvious from the start. Shameful, but predictable. The editorial is right to criticize Hewett-Packard for its layoffs.

The reconstruction of New Orleans, more than three months after Hurricane Katrina, is far from complete. As the editorial states, the $1.5 billion commitment toward rebuilding is far from adequate given the scope of the damage.

Creating a US-imposed deadline for the completion of Iraq's new constitution is foolhardy. I agree with the editorial stance that the constitution should be non-sectarian in nature.

I support stem cell research but I understand the objections of religious conservatives. If the use of amniotic fluid can be promoted, I feel that it is a sufficient compromise between those who want complete access to all stem cells, including embryonic, and those who want an outright ban of stem cell research.

That the Abu Ghraib prison scandal was not an isolated issue, but instead part of a pattern of widespread abuse is not surprising. I was not aware of the common peroneal strike technique mentioned in the editorial.

No-fault divorces are a sane policy that New York should adopt. I had not considered the mental health aspects that seem to accompany a longer divorce process. The editorial makes a case for no-fault divorce along those lines, citing fewer suicides and incidents of domestic violence in states with no fault divorces.

I was unaware that the Farmingville loitering bill was likely introduced to bolster Chief Executive Steve Levy's career, emphasizing his stance as an immigration hard-liner.

The Arar case illustrates exactly why extraordinary rendition is harmful policy, to both the people involved and to America's reputation.

it supports my stance but offers no real new insight to the war in Afghanistan. 

Paper records are one measure that can be taken to improve the integrity of voting results, but do not address other obstacles, such as gerrymandering and voter suppression efforts with things like fake mailings and phone calls.

I agree that the Election Assistance Commission's method of evaluating polling places should be more transparent. The editorial is  correct in stating that Ciber Inc. also needs more transparency and quality assurance.

One sentence in particular - "there is no good option"

I agree that the only way to curb oil prices permanently is to move away from fossil fuels,  especially given speculation, as the editorial mentions.

I agree with the BBBB. I was not aware of the 64,000 tons of plastic waste that the measure would keep out of landfills and incinerators.

it supports my opinion that government military contracts are about money, not about quality. 

I absolutely agree with the abolition of Gitmo but this article didn’t provide any new information to help my argument 

Preserving open land in New Jersey is difficult, given the population density of the state. The $175 million commitment over 10 years is not that high of a price tag, and to me, it seems Corzine is merely stalling, likely in an attempt to placate land developers and finding a way to assure them continued profit opportunities.

I support more transparency in the state governments finances

These seem like good voter topics to focus on 

This supports my beliefs about state transparency 

I was unaware that Maine, Arizona, and Connecticut had legislation in place which ensured at least partly public financing of elections, which is a positive step toward national legislation.

This article articulated why Stem cell research should continue but shouldn’t necessarily be tax funded. 

This article supports campaign financing reform which i support. 

I agree that these deaths should not go unsolved but need more attention. This article helps argue my beliefs that race and ethnicity affect the way homicides are dealt with. 

this supports myopinioms on the need for campaign finance reform. 

I support lobbying reform. 

This provides another example of the mismanagement of Iraq 

I agree that a merit system is better way to appoint judges and this article articulates why. 

There is no reason that the state of New York should have different amounts that essentially equals $48,000 that a person can contribute to someone's campaign. Every state in the US should be allowed to donate the same amount. 

Based on this article and the information provided about Mark Green, he is definitely the best one for the position. Mr. Green has taken on big corporations, including  the tobacco industry. His platform is rooted in  public interest law and political reform, protecting civil rights and the environment.

I am a teacher and the city I work in we have many charter schools. They do not operate under the accountability that our public schools have to. Politicians try to get involved in areas they truly no nothing about. 

I think that  Stuart Rabner seems like the most suitable choice for this position. I think he can make a positive change in this state and change the level of corruption especially with the support of Democrats and Republicans. 

I think that this memorial is a touching tribute to those who lost their lives on this horrific date. I think its an added bonus that so many things were donated. 

I think that affordable housing should be an option for all people, especially those living in poverty. I can't imagine having that kind of commute to go to work and not being able to find housing near one's job. 

General Ralston's appointment is important for our relations with Turkey and will hopefully lead to a decrease in violence. 

This article provides examples of the political instabilities in Iraq because of US occupation. 

This article gives a great example of a solution that America could take to recover from the overreaching disastrous policies we enacted after 9/11.

I agree that bushs whole plan in this was unorganized and incomplete. 

This article helps point out a lot of the flaws in Bush’s budget and tax cuts which are similar to other republicans. 

This article provides data to help support the need for increased emergency preparedness. 

This article helps support the argument that Bush’s entire war on terror was unconstitutional and illegal. 

I think that this project is not one that should be pursued. It seems like there are too many negatives than positives for it including the safety issues and the fact that it will be an eyesore. 

There should be more monitoring of funds that are being distributed and salaries, it is not right that a Republican governor should be able to appoint additional terms to friends and income isn't reported. 

Politicians should not be allowed to continue to pass out funding to their chosen causes, there needs to be more accountability with these funds. 

These investigations should result in a conclusion prior to elections so everyone knows if they are worthy of reelection. 

I think it is wonderful that Bloomberg contributed part of his own funds to honor those that lost their lives. 

I do agree that it doesn't matter who suggested the political reforms even though I'm a democrat. I think the important issue is that they take place for the benefit of both parties. 

I don't know how so many journalists should be losing their lives while Russia is under the reign of Putin.  I am curious as to why the US isn't stepping in or doing more to get to the bottom of it. 

I agree that more effort should be made to stop human trafficking. 

Though I don’t know much about New York politics, this article supports my beliefs on the inefficiencies of governments. 

I firmly believe gitmo prisoners should have had more rights and this article supports my argument with constitutional evidence. 

I thought the US and the U.N. did a horrible job dealing with this situation. This article helps explain why. 

Charter school or public school our education system is flawed and needs revamped. Kids need to be allowed to be kids and not spend hours behind a desk.

I support Merkels actions on climate change and believe Bush to be inept. This article adds good arguing points. 

Americans had every reason to be skeptical of this economy which collapsed soon after. It was stupid for the bush administration to think otherwise. 

This sounds like a good project. 

I am very opposed to standardized tests and this article helped provide an example of why they are not effective. 

I strongly support better programs and laws to support felons returning to life. This article is very informative. 

This article explained some of the ways that Iraq was just completely disorganized and a total mess. 

This supports the need for campaign finance reform. 

I agree that a memorial of this expense would be excessive. 

I don’t think Wal-Mart is a good fit for New York. 

These are really good examples that I haven’t heard mentioned very much about some of the mismanagement after Katrina. 

It sounds like a more experienced person is needed for the role in such a time of pressure. 

I agree that a more holistic approach is needed to immigration than simply increasing enforcement. 

I didn’t know anything about this before but it adds to my view that the bush administration cared nothing about the environment. 

I believe that immigrants who come to the country in pursuit of a better life for their family should be provided the opportunity to obtain legal citizenship. The bill proposed by Senator McCain an others appears to be a win-win for illegal immigrants seeking a better life and the system that is currently overburdened with illegal immigration issues 

I believe the U.S., one of the richest countries in the world, should help countries that are poor and need assistance with food, shelter, and health care, etc.

I do not believe that the U.S. could consider friends or "allies" countries that are bad actors, as defined by human rights issues

I believe an individual has a right to die, all life-support measures be ceased at pre-arranged will of patient or will of spouse or family

I am against illegal exchanges of copyrighted music; I think services that allow such to occur hurt artists, taking money from their pockets. I agree that the legal system should punish those that promote illegal exchange of copyrighted music. This editorial highlighted the Grokster case distinguished between actively promoting the illegal exchange of copyrighted music versus technology that facilitates such exchange-- innovation is encouraged; however illegally sharing copyrighted music is discouraged


The idea that online retailers being required to pay sales tax would level the playing field between online and local retailers is news to me. I believe that online retailes should pay sales tax; why shouldn't they pay sales tax?

Our education system as a whole needs revamped in the US today there is no reason for anyone to miss out on educational opportunities due to their race or location. 

We need to stop bartering and learn that we need less strip malls and more protected land and trees. Stop forsaking some land and saying it had to be done to protect other land. Let developers tear down and build new things in the millions of abandoned strip malls in the country.

This law is complete and utter bullshit. 

I agree that the election system program needs some much-needed work.

I totally agree that the system for approving and promoting drugs is badly out of whack and needs some serious work. 

I support steps to protect the country from terrorists attacks. The editorial cited some important areas to consider that are new to me and the rationale for focusing on those areas. Congress should approve funding for these areas

It is always easiest to fix a budget deficit problem with an increase in  taxation of some sort, but if this is not backed up by fiscal discipline and tightening of government policies around spending, it's just a matter of time before the deficit is once again out of whack.

The soot in the air is clearly causing thousands of deaths each year. Science is an exact measure and the results should show that it is evident that something needs to be done to keep the air clean.

The bottom line is there has to be ethics reform for both parties no matter what your affiliation is. It is sad that not only politicians are involved in wrongdoing but it also encompasses additional family members into the corruption. 

I can not understand how Pataki was allowed to waste 12 years on this project when he had $230 million in funding. There should be other lawmakers that are lobbying to get this project started.

Cleary, Mr. Stickler did not have enough experience in the mines to warrant an opinion as to how many mine safety worker positions needed to be cut. The idea to save funds on the 200 workers led to the death of many. 

It is ridiculous with the amount of devastation for the Bush administration to take 6 months to request funds and for only 28 to get funding so far. These poor people have suffered enough and shouldn't have to worry about housing. 

There should absolutely be more transparency in government funds for these elected officials. They should be held accountable for how they are spending this money and there should be hard consequences for those who don't use them appropriately. 

Our country's message to all is to live the American dream and it should apply to all people including minorities. It is unbelievable in this day and age that Mamaroneck can discriminate against Latinos and not give them the same rights as others. 

The Bush administration needs to spend less money on terrorism and put more research and money into childhood disease and maternal mortality.

I agree that Bush needs to give the Iraqi leader a clear deadline for beginning national reconciliation talks. There needs to be reconciliation talks in order for minority rights and distribution of oil. 

As a teacher of minorities, I do feel that these children are getting the raw end of the deal. We have many students who are in need of staffing that can not be due to this act. We need to improve all schools for all students. 

There definitely needs to be more research on the effects and links between hormone therapy and breast cancer. I do believe that the reduction of use in hormones led to the decrease in breast cancer. 

To put the least effective teachers with the neediest students is the worst solution for both sides. The neediest children need effective teachers in order to make a difference in their education. There needs to be continued professional development for all teachers as well so there are more highly qualified teachers. 

I think that it is important that  House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is lobbying for reform for political donations and spending. There also needs to be the focus on the ethics reform. 

Everyone has a right to legal representation and many detainees are imprisoned and do not belong in jail. Furthermore, lawyers that agree to represent these people should never be retaliated against. 

I agree with Mr. Weitzman that there should the town governments stepping in to control spending. There definitely seems like there can be ways to reduce spending over all of those taxing districts.

The children of the wealthiest families should not have priority to parks over children of parents with little money. To enter into an agreement that would outline this for the next 20 years is beyond unfair. 

Bush needs to be more forceful with Iraq and demand change so our troops do not have to continue to intervene. 

There needs to be affordable housing for all and minorities should not be segregated from others. The  Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York is absolutely right in their statement that the 45 million should be returned if they are not using it to build these options. 

There definitely needs to be an increase in minimum wage and there should have been a more straightforward plan for all. No one can live or support a family with what is currently getting paid to these workers. 

The Hub seems like an important option for this area in order to provide a boost to the economy with the shops, businesses, and mass transit. 

I applaud Mr. Cuomo for holding Exxon responsible for the polluted waterways. I also think that monitoring spending so that there is accountability and making sure it is spent right is crucial for this area. 

This sale of this complex should not be allowed to go through since it will leave many without affordable housing. Where does this city think they can live and afford to live there?

Prisoners and detainees should not be abused no matter what the circumstances are or what they were arrested or detained for. 

I do feel that these people should be granted citizenship if they earn wages, pay taxes, and have clean records. 

I agree with this

I completely agree that assault rifles should be banned in prairies and woods. There is no place for them in these areas nor are they necessary. Someone will get hurt or killed by these. 

I agree that credit is necessary; however, I feel that credit card companies offer cards and lines of credit that are too high that force many into debt. I think that couple that paid down $15,000 are working hard to change that. 

Lawmakers should not be allowed to construct or have others vote on a budget that is a work of fiction. There should be accountability in every area on its spending and not just the Project Sunlight.

There should not be only 100 dentists in the state of Connecticut that see impoverished children. Those children typically need better dental care than others and they are being discriminated against. 

The budget should be accurate and correctly list where the funds will be going. 

A budget should not be written in order to just serve special interests such as health care unions.

If an illegal immigrant has a child in the US and the birth is covered by Medicaid that person should have the right to medical coverage. 

The schools with the highest need and typically the highest area of poverty should be receiving more funds than the areas with higher economic statuses. 

There should not be only 1 person that is in charge of funds for a city especially with large amounts of money like this town. There needs to be a system of checks and balances in place so there is a system that can identify fraud and provide consequences for it. 

I agree with all of these

It is disgusting that they don't have the ability to monitor trafficking that occurs from just one pimp or victim. This is exactly why it is becoming a bigger problem. 

The recycling is not only important for this state but for the Earth and the extra money from the unreturned bottles will further help the environment. 

It is a violation of civil rights for Ms. Thompson to be imprisoned for this in order to change the result of this election from a Democrat being elected to a Republican.

Guiliani should not be elected into office based on his platforms and lack of enforcement or follow through on the ideas that he would be voted in on.

The President should not be impeding much needed scientific research nor impose restrictions on what stem cell research can occur. 

The bottles need to be returned and there needs to be a credit to the consumer no matter what the condition of the barcode. 

The government is wasting money on trying to make the Medicare fee-for-service program more appealing to others. This money should be used to give more benefits or lower costs to the consumer. 

Mr. Spritzer needs to follow and be accountable for all campaign donations and be accountable for the money he spends on his campaign. 

There should be a clear timetable with exact dates to support American withdrawal and we should be making every attempt to remove our troops from this area.

The drugs that these doctors use should be based on the best choice for the patient and not based on what they are getting a rebate on. 

The U.S. should be involved in foreign affairs when lives and human rights are being lost or threatened. This article makes the case for U.S. involvement in negotiations that could lead to a peaceful move out of the Gaza strip and a strong rebuild 

Bush should be taking global warming and emissions issues more seriously to preserve our Earth. It should not have to wait until his successor takes office.

I believe women should have control over their own reproduction, specifically prior to conception. The bill would give women (and girls) more options following a poor decision to have unprotected sex

The leaders of these 15 cities are doing everything in their power to climate global warming, the President and administration should be taking their lead. 

I believe the government should put money into sustainable, environmentally friendly fuel and energy sources

This reinforced my belief that the U.S. should help out other nations when human rights and lives are at stake as much as is allowed legally, or it has legal authority to help. Mr. Khalilzad do all in his power to assist the negotiations in a positive direction

Spitzer should be working with the same efforts to better the state as Pataki did especially with all of his environmental accolades. The state should also be matching the funds of the city to ensure success of these important projects. 

I believe groups of individuals, namely American Indians here, that were wronged-- land taken, people displaced-- by the Federal Government should receive reparations from the federal government, swiftly and immediately

We need more clean energy options, taking up public waters to create questionable sources is not the answer. 

It is horrific to think that some people in our country are afraid to report the trafficking they have been subjected to due to their fear of deportation. There should be stiff consequences and jail time for the people that abuse others. 

It appears that the Bush administration has clearly worked for the wealthy, and these people truly earned more and reaped more benefits due to tax cuts than the people who truly need it. There should also not be half of the US budget going towards the defense budget. 

Let the governement do to terrorists as is necessary to avoid more bloodshed on our country.

How the the then President responded to Ms. Sheehan and his overall communication of war efforts as portrayed in this editiorial is appalling. The Commander in Chief should be sensitive to the needs of grieving families and communicate clearly the progress of war efforts and as much as legally possible the circumstances surrounding war efforts. The American public has a right to know what its sons and daughters are fighting for

Laws should be written in clear unbiased language that is not vague or open to a great degree of interpretation. Unclear laws lead to partial judgments, I think. This article highlights issues of vagueness in terms used in a proposed antiterrorism bill. 

This is yet another article that provides details into the crooked money grubbing behavior done by many branches of the government. It just drives it further home that they don’t care about the important issues. 

I favor diplomatic moves that favor piece and sustainable good relations. The move by Prime MInister Sharon to move Jewish settlers from Gaza, as described in this editorial, portrays such a good faith move that aims to promote piece and sustainable good relations

Speaker Christine Quinn should be commended for working on campaign finance reform and for balancing the budget. These are both areas that need drastic attention. 

I do feel that Libby should remain in jail and not be allowed to leave until his appeal is heard. There needs to be clear-cut consequences for those who act unethically and break the law. 

Russia needs to be thought of as a dangerous opponent along with Putin and Bush needs to take the threats of them very seriously. 

Important issues such as trafficking should not be held off until the end of the legislative session. These are issues that should be worked on at the beginning of the session and there needs to legislation that works for it. 

I feel that the  Environmental Protection Agency should have the authority under the Clean Air Act to make decisions regarding global warming and climate change based on the scientific research that they have conducted. 

The people of Nigeria need to make sure the politicians that are voted in be accountable for the money they spend due to the sale of oil so that money can start improving their life conditions. 

I do not feel that felons or other criminals should be allowed to conceal and carry. With this huge jump in people carrying handguns, I just feel it can lead to more violence and loss of life.

I feel that the four post deer feeding station is the best and most humane way to take care of the tick problem and try to curb Lyme disease. 

I feel that both the Republicans and the Democrats worked hard to introduce two important bills that are necessary for voting reform. 

I feel that the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement should agree on and adopt an emblem without any type of religious association. 

I agree that the government should take terrorism and protecting our country more seriously than the pork issue.

New Jersey should have comparable salaries to other states. They should also have the same job requirements as other states in terms of the ability to have other jobs such as teaching or writing books. 

I think it is important for the government to match funds in a government IRA and this can lead to a stronger economy and help many individuals with retirement funds. 

I think that Senator Pete Domenici  might have the right idea by focusing on a handful of issues in order to truly make a difference on these topics versus identifying 20 things and not really putting much thought or research into it just to say they did something regarding it. 

Senator Jeff Bingaman is adding an important amendment to a bill by requiring some electricity sources to be derived from wind. There definitely needs to be some solutions in order to preserve energy for future generations. 

We all need to do thorough research on all branches before voting. It’s our responsibility as voting citizens to try to keep crooked politicians out. 

The pay as you can afford to go proposed approach mentioned in the article supports my stance on space exploration as a sort of luxury endeavor that should be explored without placing more humanitarian causes at risk for federal funding

I believe that the reasons for going to war and the reasons for continuing to occupy a country, as well as the progress or results of  the war efforts should be clearly communicated to  the U.S. from leadership, i.e. the President. This editorial points out problems that arise when there is not such clear communication-- questions and uncertainty abound

This editorial somewhat reinforced what I surmised to be the case when various agencies have to come together to address a threat-- there are in-group out-group dynamics, some disdain for the other group, ego trips, and power plays..

Politicians should not be allowed to show nepotism to family and friends and appoint them to jobs they are not qualified for since it is unethical. 

I think that Breyer is right with his belief that it would "create the very kind of religiously based divisiveness that the Establishment Clause seeks to avoid.''

Bush's stance on marriage and gay rights isn't given nearly the support it should be given. Gays should be given the same rights as any other individual in the US. 

I think that catch limits are a necessary law in relation to all of these species of fish.  I also think that there needs to be guidelines for improving sewage treatment plants and reducing pollution.

I do not think that libraries should be allowed to close due to a few middle schoolers that were disruptive. I agree that they could use some retirees to work with these children in a more positive way. 

I do feel that every individual who is suffering with a long term illness should be allowed to chose if they want to live or not and be allowed the ability to die in dignity and without horrific pain each day. 

Show me a politician without a personal political agenda they are very few and very far between. 

The capital venturists should not have the lowest tax code since they are typically earning the highest amount of money. 

I do agree that part of the financial burden could be decreased if the government stopped all of the tax cuts. I also feel that there should not be money taken from government programs to cover the cost of Katrina. 

It always seems like every administration forces people who don’t belong in a position into a place where they have no business. It just comes back to politicians not really caring about anything but their personal agendas. 

We need to provide feedback for our people in times of crisis

Libraries are an essential component to our youth and focus on reading. Congress should be making more of a concerted effort to raise funds for it and Laura Bush should be much more vocal about this cause. 

I do agree that  a reporter should be able to protect the identity of a confidential source in most circumstances. If this doesn't get enacted, many would be hesitant to report things. 

This is a travesty that after a year and a half, there are 64,000 that are still searching for shelter and somewhere to live. To be living in trailers that long after the disaster is ridiculous. 

Guiliani absolutely should have met with black leaders after that man was killed by police. Furthermore, the police officers did not follow firing protocol and there should be consequences. 

Workers should not be discriminated against based on age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, etc. for any reason. 

This just goes to show the many waysevdn local branch politicians waste tax payer money with no regard for anyone but themselves.

Bush has not done enough during his presidency with the Iraq issue.

The facts about the effects of rising green house gases, namely melting ice in the Arctic and Chinese ramping up burning coal, provide new-to-me information regarding the importance of controls on carbon emissions. I believe the U.S. should take a strong stance on reducing carbon emissions, for the good of the environment 

Mr. Foley should have acted appropriately and ethically with all interns and employees. There should be consequences for his actions. 

Iraq and the level of violence needs to be addressed and the weapons that were supposed to be registered should have been. 

Mr. Weitzman should be the clear choice for this position to maintain the integrity of this position. 

Birch is completely right that there should be a system of checks and balances to monitor the courts. 

Nurses have very stressful jobs and are very important to our medical profession and should have wages that reflect this. 

I do feel that the hybrids are the best choice for this and the best choice for our environment. 

The State Children's Health Insurance Program should not be cut or reduced in any sort of capacity and is crucial to the health of our children.

If one is paying into disability, I can not understand why it has to be such a life threatening injury or illness that would leave you out of work for a year in order to obtain benefits. 

I believe that the government should support measures that limit greenhouse gas emissions. 

Terrorists and those who plan violent attacks need to dealt with accordingly and Bush needs to stand by what he said he would do. 

Supported my stance that effective measures should be in place to reduce the likelihood of technological and manmade disasters

I agree that congress needs to provide much stricter laws regarding the environment 

Numbers don't lie - a higher minimum wage helps citizens 

A good step to help curb the costs of medicine in the US

Anything to make security at the airport go faster

Iraq never was planned well and any pressure for a deadline is good

It gave an example of how important convincing blue collar constituents is in environmental policy changes

I am for protecting civil liberties and this article highlights some instances in which New York police officers infringed on civil liberties. That is unacceptable and should be taken to task as this editorial prompts

I believe in transparency and fairness in government; I agree that the "club-based" system for selecting trial judges should be replaced by a more democratic system

I believe there should be checks and balances in place so that on one branch of the government rules off doing things that are illegal and/or a threat to civil liberties

I believe in transparency in government, and this article supports transparency

I am for reform of systems that fail to protect vulnerable populations

The non partisan numbers Speak for themselves

The data exists that promulgates the gains for students from disadvantaged backgrounds who attend prekindergarten. This editorial mentioned that many programs are underutilized because the operating hours place a hardship on working parents to find child care after the 2.5 hour program; therefore many students do not receive the benefits of the program. An expansion of the program to an all-day program seems to make sense from the data 

I support education reform and feel more informed about the issue now

It makes sense to make cars more efficient. In the long run you earn more 

I support immigration reform that is fair and efficient. This editorial alludes to a plan that would address people who attempt to enter the U.S. by legally accepted routes, first, then address illegal immigrants; this seems to me to be both fair (people who are attempting legal entry are seen first) and efficient (reducing the backlog, increasing numbers to prevent backlog)

Health is simply too costly. Especially as I view health care as a right, not a privilege. 

Our education system is flawed.  No child left behind seems to hurt the kids who it’s supposed to benefit more than it helps. We have amazing teachers out there but their skills are held at bay by teaching standards set by politicians who haven’t stepped into a classroom since they were children. 

It’s good to see that there are less instances of breast cancer, I don’t foresee it staying down unfortunately. I hear of more and more women dealing with it everyday. 

Our entire education system is flawed and needs to be revised. Political figure heads have created such crappy expectations of teachers that the truly amazing teachers can’t even excel because their skills are shackled by ridiculous governmental restrictions. 

I don’t feel it’s fair to public school kids to give prime playing time to private schools just because the schools can afford to pay for it. Public parks are for the public not private use. 

We do need an overhaul done on laws regarding so many things but we must be careful who is doing that overhaul. 

When political figure heads promise something good you can bet there is always some sort of ridiculous catch that those he promises to benefit will not benefit from at all. 

If only politicians really could make the things they propose happen the way it’s supposed to. 

Low income housing doesnt have to be a bad thing, prior to possibly being sold this sounds like an ideal place to live. Here’s hoping that enviroment doesn’t change with a sale. 

I support  universal design; by designing things with the interests of the disabled in mind, everyone benefits.  I agree with making society easier for people with disabilities to navigate. Changes to the cab fleet in NY would make it easier for people with disabilities to navigate. I was not aware of the stats regarding the number of cabs, buses, and subways that are amenable to the needs of the disabled

This editorial reminds me of the data analysis slogan, "junk in, junk out". I am a researcher so I appreciate standard methods for calculation and analysis that will allow valid decisions to be made. This editorial supports my stance on using valid and reliable measures for data analysis

I believe in reform that limits corruption (i.e. ethics rules) and provides legislatures a salary that is commensurate with the work peformed

It is our responsibility to steward the environment and replenish it. This editorial stated some ways that officials in New York are attempting to replenish what has been lost, for the health of the ecosystem

I believe in transparency in government, especially in terms of accounting and where the public's money is allocated. This editorial stated the glaring issue when transparency in spending is not provided-- the public does not know where its dollars are going

I support fair district lines and legislative map-making. This editorial uses Alabany as a case of map-making done wrong and calls fro reform to allow a fairer redistricting plan

The editorial provided statistics on the plight of the mentally ill in prison that would help better argue for reform in the way mentally ill inmates are handled, the care that they are given

Conflicts of interests should be clearly stated in journal articles

I believe in transparency in government, and I believe that reform should occur when current practices are disservices to citizens. This editorial presented evidence of the need for reform regarding the office of chief state's attorney

Things like this need to stop. No governmental branch should be allowed to hold anyone without them being tried and proven guilty of something ever! 

Congress and the President should not use lame duck sessions in order to pass unpopular bills. Once the voters have spoken politicians should listen. 

Environmental policy is one of the areas where the market will not quickly enough shift production and practices. Government regulation is therefore important to limit the effects of climate change. 

High deficits are a huge concern that the government is not taking seriously and will eventually hurt our economy significantly. 

I feel that it is important to protect the jucidical process in order to ensure that innocent people are not convicted of crimes. It is the Supreme court's ultmate responsability and they should have taken a different stance. 

Immigration reform is an urgently needed necessity in the United States. 

Iran getting Nuclear weapons and becoming more religious and conservative is a grave threat to the world. Celebrating instances of secularization and pushing for more sanctions in order to achieve it is positive. 

The killing of Sadam Hussein was done in a despicable manner and is another example of the huge mismanagement of the the Iraq war. 

Tax policy should neither increase nor decrease income inequality. It currently does the former and needs to change. 

I agree that we should not be increasing our number of nuclear weapons but using the money to modernize and update the current weapons. 

These level vacancies can not be appointed by one man in a functioning democracy


The iraq war was hevily mishandeled and this is just one more example. 

The article is right to condem these remarks as untolerable. 

I am not usually aware of how speical districts work but clearly they are more layers of government we don't need. Too much government is wastefull and we end up with exhorbitant taxes that end up getting wasted. 


The economic changes for more transparency are positive. The article is right to support them. 

The United States should use its economic influence to influence others in the world. Especially in this situation. 

Reforming how the state goverment functions to make it more transparent, ethical and less corrupt is important. The governemnt should regulate itself and it is good for this article to push for it. 

It is another example why public transportation should be privatized instead of being a government monopoly. 

I believe that rules should be established that promote equity, fairness in government. Furthermore, all things should not be decided by vote from the people; ground rules should be made by executive decision that promote the common good. This editorial says that holding two offices should be banned and people voting on the issue is not the way to go. I agree; ground rules should be established that promote equity and fairness

Public transit is an important part of city planning. It needs to be properly funded and maintained. More funding in necessary. 

I am generally against corporate welfare and corporatism. The example of Atlantic City seems like an example of corporatism to me. 

Well, I guess I fell like we should trust the president and I don’t understand why everybody is practicing armchair politics. 

I do think my stance would make sense to most people. I feel like cars were made better when people built them and robots (this sounds so stupid) shouldn’t take the place of people.

Well, smoking is bad and you are kind of responsible for getting sick from it (former longtime smoker here). I agree with this last point, but comparing smoking to a bomb is extreme. 

Okay, environmentally I’m behind this because taking more cars to an area will be bad. I’ve always been confused about why casinos are for native Americans. 

We need more information on how our tax dollars are being spent.

There should be more than one person in charge of protecting large sums of money

I’m a veteran of this war and I agree that we get treated like sh*t. I could go for days, weeks even...

I agree with what this writer says needs to be done, but it really crushes me that Bush ever vetoed this.

I have yet to see a politician really put the interest of the country, states, county or city before their own agenda. There always seems to be a catch. 

Both the healthcare and education systems are so flawed there really may be no going back from either of them. I do commend anyone who tries to actually fix either of them though. 

Any government branch that keeps their actions behind closed doors and does not allow access to them is a government branch that is doing something they aren’t supposed to. 

We all need to strive to keep our communities real and alive, it’s all of our responsibilities to make sure our towns aren’t turned into nothing more than tourist stops. 

We are all responsible for leaving our enviroment clean and healthy for our kids and grandkids. 

This is part of leaving a better and cleaner environment for our children and grandchildren. We have so much pollution from plastic that it may never recover! 

I believe the government should invest in soldiers and make decisions based on current needs

The editorial put forth a lot of speculation about North Korea, but it was food for thought nevertheless that may be used to build a case for a concerted effort to discuss nuclear weapons with North Korea

I am for immigration reform

Citizens pay into Medicare for their entire lives only to discover upon retiring that paying for another insurance l entirely is more affordable. 

As a whole, we take advantage of the resources we have with no regard of the consequences and keeping the resources safe for future use and that needs to change. 

You can’t blame anyone for calling it like they see it. There is rarely a politician that isn’t a self serving liar. 

This editorial reinforced my stance that something must be done about North Korea building nuclear weapons; something with teeth in it must be done to get the attention of North Korea and show that continued building of nuclear weapons and storage of plutonium will not be tolerated

There needs to be more regulations on drugs and what they are used for. Humans are not guinea pigs to be “practiced” on. 

This editorial supported my stance that government should work to protect the public (consumers) from big business running rough shod via the creation of monopolies that preclude the competition necessary for the free market system to thrive

Political figure heads do not care about environmental safety. Maybe they’d be better off letting organizations who feallly care about the world take care of environmental issues. 

If our government would focus on creating clean energy then energy efficient buildings would fall in place behind it. 

I support transparency is government and transparency in investments, e.g. hedge funds, money market accounts, stocks, etc, to protect the public. This editorial argues for transparency in the markets

I support funds being allocated to restore environmental degradation

I feel for any community who finds their local parks at the mercy of a political figure head who doesn’t care about them. 

When it comes to budgeting both parties have failed drastically at creating real solutions to the government debt problem. 

I think they should not put a cap on campaign donations. Any donation money left over should be put toward the budget or paying off debt for that office. 

Everyone deserves the chance to become a citizen if they wish to. I do feel that those who make no attempts to be active members of society should be returned to their country though. 

America as a whole needs to work on this. It’s not going away. 

New York, like many other states needs to do a total government clean out. 

I firmly support the right to bear arms and the right to concealed carry. Law abiding citizens should have the right to protect themselves from criminals. 

I like this idea. It handles a very real problem of Lyme disease with a common sense solution. 

The phased withdrawal worked, and I always believed it would.

NYC doesn't need its own special law. The whole country does. Sex trafficking is a very real, very common issue.

The government has every right to regulate when it comes to environmental concerns, as the big corporations care little about it.

Firmly against actions like these. Trash the environment for what, money? Typical politics.

I always support controlling the politicians and I always support fair elections.

I didn't see anywhere where it talks about how when checks are done correctly on citizens, and those citizens legal to carry are allowed to do so, that crime rapidly drops shortly after.

The government can hire and pay "scientists" to report whatever they want to. They don't have to have evidence, they have money. 

Ground Zero needs to be a memorial but also a place to look towards the future. 

It is good that Res. Bush made his nomination within a enough time for the nomination to be researched, but anyone with extreme views one way or the other should be considered a bad choice. 

The American people need to be made aware of the beliefs of the nominated Judge to be. We should be offered all valuable information so that everyone is able understand what the nomination means for the nation. 

Lower class workers need a champion to advocate for them and their needs, and rights that they may not even know they have. Unions falling apart need to come together to work hard for the American people. 

The supreme court should not be able to overturn Congressional enactments with a unanimous vote, it really would end the system of checks and balances that are so important to our country. 

The United States has heavy budgets and trade deficits, and is deeply in foreign debt, these facts make America incredibly weak. 

The iraq war was heavily mishandled by the Bush Administration. 

The bad use of the money by the Army Corps shows that someone needs to be truly overseeing whats happening with the money and why. 

It is important that citizens of Turkey are made aware of the inhumane practices and that some groups form to help these individuals who are being treated so inhumanely. It seems that their understanding of mental health issues is fundamentally skewed and needs to be reeducated. 

All of these changes seem positive and should be supported by the writer of the editorial. 

Banning the book is stupid. The word scrotum is not that offensive and even if it were that is a silly reason to censure. 

I did not know much about this particular move by the United States. The article makes a good point about why it is not a sound idea. 

United States needs to providing subsidies for farms that over produce, and instead help small farms become stable. 

This modern day poll tax is wrong. Everything that needs to be provided to prove citizenship should be easily accessible for all Americans. 

In a place like New York City where so much of the populations depends on safe and reliable public transit it is an important and necessary cost. 

Government money should be spent in a sparse way and surplusess should not be squandered. The article is right in poiting this out. 

The Government does what it wants, they had a deal made that the intelligence committee would address certain issues within a year, more than a year later nothing has been addressed. 

The governments money needs to be spend wisely. The article is right to point this out. 

The governments money needs to be used wisely. 

I agree that international law can be a positive tool if used in the right situations. I have some hesitations but overall I agree with the article. 

At least the process has begun. It would/will take years to finally get into the ballpark of equality.

Seems as if it is the only option,with little side effects. A necessary evil if you will.

Election day should be a holiday. Fliers that give the wrong date should never have been legal anyways.

Israel should not be left out from receiving aid, and it is despicable after all they went through during WWII that they are treated as badly as they are.

Agree with this actually. Protection first, better lifestyle second. 

141k is more than enough. Thats more than 4 or 5 families make together, at least in the middle class I'm in. Perhaps if everyone wasn't so greedy, this country wouldn't be so in debt.

States should not be able to ignore the Supreme Courts rulings, they should not create dangerous situations for women. 

I strongly support Auto IRAs due to the fact that they have been proven to increase participation in a positive move.

The oil industry has too much control over the country, if not the entire world. The world needs to move away from fossil fuels. Electric cars show more promise than alternative fuel from corn or soybeans ever did.

America's relationship with Latin America has always been onsided and that needs to change or it risks pushing these counties to look to other places for support. 

Electric cars. Tesla pioneered everything from wireless electricity to electric vehicles. We should never have become this dependent on oil for vehicles.

Bringing in refugess is an important role that the United States and other developed countires should take. This should be done with care but should be done. 

The Gaza Strip belongs to Israel. Palestine is Hamas run. Why is this even an argument over who should side with whom?

As long as they do their jobs, who cares how they get to stay.

Immigration laws should consist of two, and only two. One: anyone not born in or legally a citizen of the USA should immediately be deported, no proceedings necessary. Two: children born in the USA should be first in line for adoption, if not, then foster care, if they or their parents choose for said kids to stay.

Those statues, displays, were not hurting anyone. They had been around for years. They stood for morals.

Man has a responsibility to make amends for the damages done to the environment, and this is a pristine example of where we should start.

Freedom of speech is an important part of a democratic society. It should be protected and places should not be limited due to the grass. 

Uh...aren't we supposed to be encouraging kids to go to the library...? That's just sad.

All the tax cutting in the face of all the debt America has is a bit of a bad idea. 

College footballs over relevance is kind of crazy. Universities should not be in the business of creating multimillion dollar sports teams. 

Without having everyone in the UN on board for environmental protection, no true change will be able to happen. 

I think this should be allowed. Why force people to suffer to death in the name of self righteousness?

As long as the student does not infinge on the education or freedom of speech of others he can not be suspended for speach. The article is right to point this out. 

Agreed. It would be an excellent place to start.

My main issue, is not the bill, but the lack of time given to fully read the bill. This should never be allowed to take place. 

Network Neutrality is vitally important to keep the internet a safe, free, for Americans. We need to limit lobbyist from paying for votes hat will create an un-American and overly controlled system to be put in place. 

As much as is paid per hospital visit, it is hard to believe that one could be so badly in debt. 

These seem like positive reforms. I do not like that money will temporarily still be unequally distributed but the article is right to point out that it is a good step in the right direction. 

It is such a shame that a public lawsuit is necessary to get coal fired power plants to install the necessary emissions controls. The EPA should have been more than willing to do the necessary task to get all of the power plants up to date to prevent unnecessary emissions.  

I believe we need to defend our libraries. If we don't start taking steps now, soon it will be too late.

I was unaware of the pay-go rule but I think it is a fabulous way to keep spending form skyrocketing out of control. 

Any whistle-blowers, unless linked to a criminal or terrorist organization, should always be allowed to remain completely anonymous. 

If they are legal, and low crime, they should be treated equal. But that's a big if.

I have generally been opposed to FDA as a regulating body and think that its role should be cut down to suggestion and recomendation. That being said if we are going to have it limiting corruption is a good first step. 

A private sight with a small security unit to protect all involved would be a good idea. However, anyone using this site should be checked for citizenship. And if they try hocking off their labor somewhere else, police should have every right to stop amd check IDs.

The government propping up this hostpital is a bad idea. 

I agree that the pressure to develop an area can create waste overflow and harm the water, and other things in the area. 

Clarity for the public would be nice, but trust in officials to a certain extent as well.

Politics is too involved in these kinds of decisions. It is good for the article to point this out. 

There should be satellite polling places set up in areas where many displaced people from New Orleans are currently residing. 

That's not just creepy...that is criminal.

Breast feeding should be allowed in public, as long as completely covering the breasts. And employers should have a room specifically to allow for pumping.

The primary elections are frought with problems. Pointing these out is important. 

If we are to give weapons, we should teach and supply with everything necessary for upkeep. 

Pick who is most capable, not who is your friend, or your colleague. It is how well they do the job that counts.

The checks and balances in the government should never be overturned, but sadly it seems to have become commonplace.

It is worth celebrating reforms that help citizens and make the government more transparent. 

The iraq war was heavily mismanaged. This includes the treatment of its opposers. The article is right in its assessment. 


However today, electric buses, semis and cars are a thing of the near future. Soon hybrids will be outdated. Kind of like DVD between the VHS to Bluray eras.

The people should be made aware as to where 2 million dollars is going, where it is "good places" or not is yet to be seen. 

Limiting or reducing taxes is generally a positive thing. The article is right to praise the steps of the Goverenor. 

That fund should not be the victim of cuts. 

It is well within scope to fix these errors with little sacrifices monetarily or time wise.

I order to attract the best people to government you need to pay them good wages. The article is right in its assessments. 

The people who work in blue collar, lower class jobs need to be protected through a union that can advocate for their best interests. 

There should be a code of conduct for each company to follow, but does not need to necessarily be told what to do in ever instance. 

The Iraq war was heavily mismanaged. Mostly because once it was "won" there needed to be a phase of policital rebuilding the administration never took on. The congresses' plan is better and the article is right to point that out. 

The information regarding where lobbyist money goes should be made public. 

The public should be made aware of what happens with slush money, where it goes and what it is used for. 

It is important for towns to maintain their borders and names, they should do what they can to assure the people in those neighborhoods that they will be safe from any fundamental changes to their town identity. 

It seems very unfair to impose taxes on those who desperately cannot afford them. 

I’m glad there is a mandatory retirement age for something in the government. There should be term limits for more than the president.

This is the same as the last one.

I don’t think people should just have their home taken from them.

It is still a problem because efforts to make legal immigration possible haven’t been made.

Technology is eliminating some jobs but trade has always been a bigger problem 

The government here is trying to alleviate some of the cost involved but really they are trying to enforce a rule that may be unaffordable for many.

Protecting the environment by preventing people from taking too much isn’t too much to ask.

I think a leaders job is to try and question the status quo. 

Defense spending is wildly out of control and this article gives insights where to make cuts. 

States should definitely have the power of recall to deal with issues of misconduct by their top elected officials. An option to remove for blatant betrayal of the people's trust, however caused, cannot be available only at election time.

I agree, after a disaster, especially one of the magnitude of Katrina, affected residents have the right to demand urgency, not haste. It is the city that has to take responsibility and charter the path forward for the rebuilding effort.

They wonder why no governmental branch can come up with a budget but all of the state and national employees are grossly over paid. 

It’s not the governments responsibility to ensure that Americans have savings for retirement, honestly it is not employers responsibility either. We all should be accountable for our own savings, maybe an education reform should contain life skills such as saving. 

I agree that the country must seek and use cleaner forms of energy. This editorial highlights the little funding and attention given by U.S. leadership to encouraging and using cleaner forms of energy and thereby reducing the carbon footprint

Tax increases usually don't hurt or help as much as some people expect

I agree that money in the courtroom is a dangerous mix

This whole deferred and noncash compensation thing is quite a mess

Yes the structured arguments make it easy to take something of value

I didn't realize armor was behind weapon production 

I support Medicaid-- that assists poor people with obtaining medical care. I believe Medicaid should be provided to individuals who need it without imposing unnecessary and burdensome procedures to acquire the benefit

Yes. Arguments are well structured and I like this attorney general 

I like that he feels the USA needs to be stricter with Isreal 

This is yet another example of political figure heads and their minions being grossly overpaid for really not doing much of anything. 

You cannot attack part of a problem and expect to succeed

There are no local problems when it comes to environmental issues

This pattern is pretty familiar...

Pretty bad stuff

It’s nice to see the government taking care of natural resources and keeping them safe and renewable. 

I believe the U.S. and China should create a disincentive for companies to continue to use the old coal-burning model instead of a new cleaner alternative, e.g. IGCC. This editorial highlights problems of using the old coal-burning model and it puts forth a cleaner alternative. In addition, the editorial portrays Ms. Boxer's plan for disincentivizing the old-coal burning model, namely by way of taxing 

I believe the U.S. has to get it's financial house in order. This editorial mentioned how the U.S. in in a tenuous financial relationship with China, relying on the country to finances U.S. deficits. That is not a strong financial plan

I like the solution of hiring people or even getting volunteers to come in and direct the kids in a constructive direction rather than just shutting them out from the library. 

I believe people should be allowed to make this choice about their lives.

I believe in the right to a fair trial. This editorial cited an incident that prompts the question is everything being done to ensure a fair trail, namely in regard to spectator actions

I believe that evidence-based procedures that can improve the health or well-being of individuals should be supported with both human and financial resources. This editorial calls for support of a procedure that data supports (evidence-based) can significantly reduce the rate of HIV infection

I believe immigration reform is needed. I believe we (the U.S.) needs to establish a way so that people who want to come here for a better life may get here in an efficient manner. The editorial underscored the "piecemeal" crackdown on illegal immigrants that is inconsistent and perhaps creates to industry simply thinking of ways to "game the system". Immigration reform that is fair, efficient, enforceable is needed

Libraries are truly important and should be on a similar level as education. 

I agree that hiring sites would be a good thing for both laborers as well as those hiring. 

Older citizens deserve the right to fair employment. Sadly they still get overlooked for jobs due to their age more often than not. 

This is 100 % unacceptable he should have immediately been dismissed and legal action should have been taken. Politicians should never be above the law and should be held accountable for their actions. 

Breastfeeding is important but I don’t feel it’s anyones right to tell anyone else how to raise their kids. 

For a country that doesn’t have a pot to pee in our country certainly found plenty of ways to throw money away. Not to mention going further into debt just to arm other countries with war weapons. 

The checks and balances set forth in our government branches need to be firmly in place and active. There should be no “I’d you scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours” when it comes to this system. 

At least they are trying to be cleaner by purchasing cleaner rubbing equipment for the future. Sadly that does nothing to help the immediate needs. 

Our health system still needs a drastic overhaul. Perhaps by putting a cap on what can be charged for insurance and what can be charged for medicines and procedures on top of what it costs to make or perform them. 

Immigration isn't the problem. Illegal immigration is the problem, but I guess it's hard on this one because it seems like an effort has been made for a long time. But Obama's way of just let people do what they want immigration wise was a bad plan too. 

If the cars that use this alternative power/fuel were more affordable then this could be a reality. They are trying to have it both ways.

I don’t feel anyone should be held in prison without a trial. That is what our country is famous for.... innocent until proven guilty. 

You mean someone misappropriated funds? Shocking.

Okay so there have been several on this topic, but having electric booths with paper printouts doesn't seem like the best choice. We've proven you can mess with the electronic voting machines and what has a paper ballot ever fixed. England hasn't had a problem with their ruler in a long time and they have a system that doesn't involve voting.

The government gave our money away and doesn't make sure it is used appropriately. Boom.

I hate that one day my son is going to need one of these just to function in the world we live in. The rate of depression has gone way up and eating tide pods and snorting condoms is something I would never have thought of but thanks to the internet. Oh and pedophiles deserve the death penalty. 

There should be a limit on offices other than the President and it is obvious. It's probably obvious to those who are benefiting from it but they are too greedy to care.

I think I missed something and it isn't making more sense the more I read it. It's corruption. I'm against it.

Well, getting rid of prosecutors for political reasons is not a good practice. The fact that someone is surprised that it happened is surprising.

We had a surplus of a billion dollars when our national debt is over a trillion? No. Pay off your debts with the "surplus" and maybe people will trust you.

It's stupid that politicians make so much off the backs of us that make so little. This guy says he wants to do the right thing but twiddles his thumbs. It's disgusting.

I get the knee-jerk reaction to remove the ovary. I would do it in a second if it bought me more time with my family. I think it's crap that more testing isn't funded by insurance and that it has to be paid for as "elective surgery".

Women deserve to be treated better than this!

I think this is great. I wonder if it worked? 

Guantanamo Bay is an absolute travesty and everything needs to be done to ensure due process for all prisoners in the United States. 

Pay-go which I learned from another article is a good rule. The government should strive for the budget surplus and not deficits. 

Efforts to stop modern day slavery should be celebrated. 

Parks are a vital part of cities and one of the areas I do believe the government has a role to play. This article should push for these to be prioritized. 

It makes sense to have each borough take care of their own trash, an eliminate too much waste, diesel emissions, and all of the waste ending up in one place. 

Third Party Collection agencies can be horrible to people who owe, and wrong numbers they call that don't owe at all. Being harassed multiple times a day, when you may have already fallen on hard times is ridiculous. It's great there is a number to call to receive help. 

Politicians tend to put off tough things like budget negotiations, so that they can put feelings of urgency on the event and force their own agendas. 

The people affected by Katrina have the right to demand urgency, they were not prepared for the hurricane, they were not fully supported during its aftermath, and now 11 months later they are still waiting to try to get back to some kind of normalcy. That is a shame. 

I was unaware of the problem with agencies but I agree with the article that they seem like a dangerous form of government and need to be checked and brought to light. 

There is danger in over promising, its never clear what may or may not happen. Sticking to small obtainable goals is far more realistic. 

People and organizations should not be allowed to donate that much money to any political figure without the monies funder, receiver, and use being documented for the public to see. 

It is important to let officials know that they do not hold a lifetime position, they need to advance, change and grow with the times. 

As if the budget system was not chaotic, to begin with. 

The government needs work. Moving on.

Transparency and reform to the financial parts of government is a great step. 

Why don't they hire someone completely unconnected to the government?! An independent auditor!

Tax cuts do trickle down a little to us. Very little. But ten bucks a week is ten bucks a week that we need. The fact that the rich get richer off of them makes me very bitter.

Really?! Give them a raise so that they can clean up the fundraising issues?! Am I the only one that sees how crooked that is? No, but still!

"As it has before", and yet here you are trying to make it work again. 

So we went to help and didn't get any support from the country we were trying to help. That seems to get glossed over a lot.

Stop taking money out of Social Security!

Steal from the poor to give to the rich.

New York is not the only place that needs to work on disaster preparedness, but the points made here go to show that I think.

My husband was actually the one that pointed out to me that you can never win a war on terror because it's a state of mind. It really stinks that innocent people are suffering for it. 

Anti-trafficking needs to be a larger focus everywhere. I live in Texas near the border, so yeah, I get it.

I guess I don't see the point in denying New York more natural areas.

If we could all just work together I think we could have dealt with Iran and kept the U.S. in check. Apparently that was very necessary.

It is unfortunate, but the money a person has does to a great extent determine the quality of the legal counsel he or she gets; as the editorial notes "justice costs money". I believe all citizens should have access to quality legal services. I am for allocating funds for legal counsel for the poor, as the "advocates for the poor" mentioned in the article recommend Mr. Spitzer to do

All the items to address in the editorial seem logical to me

Mr. Green has a better track record to be attorney general. 

I believe military spending should be allocated to where it is most needed, not to pet ideas and certainly not to areas that give other nations cause to question the U.S.'s development of nuclear arsenal

A safe course of action would be to assure other countries that there is no need for nuclear weapons, that they are safe. 

Encouraging all students to do their best and aspire for educational greatness is important. 

Our government should not sell wilderness land to land developers. We need to protect our earth. 

Connecticut seems to be able to do the memorial right, why can't they get it together at Ground Zero. 

The United States would be wise to continue to create a strong bond with Turkey.

The public should be made aware where the slush funds come from and where they go. 

It is important to open up the Saw Mill River, clean it up and make it safe. 

I think not robbing people who are just trying to survive is a rather positive thing myself.

The pages incident is horrible and should have been taken care of accordingly, not talked around. 

Test scores should not be the measure of how a student is doing.

I agree that we cannot wait too long to do something about global warming.

Whether or not Bloomberg is the leader needs is yet to be seen, but strong leadership is absolutely necessary to get the memorial underway.

Ethics in politics need stringent rules and regulations with people paying attentions and watching others to make sure they are following the rules. Pay to Play should be eliminated. 

I never went to jail, but I was put into a mental health facility and got stable and didn't receive the same medications from the 
VA only to end up in a VA ward for too short a time and then back in a private ward. Getting out of prison with no way to get help sounds very similar only they have a hard time finding jobs as well.

I don't know why you would spend that much money on a memorial. 

Okay so maybe I didn't have a stance but why are they worrying about a party. They "need" Mardi Gras for healing? No, you need to get your priorities straight and not stress an already stressed system for a boozefest.

I didn't know anything about this, but you have spent all this money on a study and a solution has been proposed and funded and you are just going to waste the money spent on the study? That makes zero sense.

Trains should sell alcohol on trains. It is up to each rider to make the decisions that suit them the best. Those being unruly should be arrested, the rest should not be punished. 

I am for naturalization and for Republicans to fight against it through these means is detestable. Immigration is good for the country. 

I agree that homeless shelters run by non-profit groups with minor assistance from the government should exist. Residents who do not suffer from mental illnesses should be held accountable and helped back to self-sufficiency. 

I was not aware of the merger but anything that prevents cheating and allows the market to work smoother is a good thing. 

I believe that government processes should be diplomatic and without the appearance of impropriety. The editorial reinforces my stance by calling for a change in how U.S. attorneys get into office, that is less questionable and more open to scrutiny

While I do agree that privacy is extremely important protecting child molesters is wrong. I agree that these should documents should be revealed. 

The nation's response to rebuild New Orleans immediately after and after Katrina have been much less than I would expect from the U.S. one of the richest nation's in the world

I  believe that government spending should be closely monitored and subject to scrutiny of voters

I believe there should be transparency in government in regard to where money is going. The article mentioned budget reform that calls for lump-sum payment for pet projects be itemized. I think that would go a long way toward transparency in where money is being spent. Governments should put a name on every dollar, thereby tracking were the money is going-- for accountability and in order to recoup wasteful spending

The article is right to criticise a leader that only surrounds himself with yes men and reward loyalty over comptence. 

The environment needs to be protected. This is an area where the free market fails and the government should intercede. 

Lame duck government should be limited to emergency matters only. If not the incentives to cheat and steal are too great. 

I am generally against a bill that tries to forbid loitering as this should not be illegal and the problem of migrants trying to find a day's work is not really a major issue. I think the article also provides a good alternative at the end. 


Vaccines are not individual choices because the choice affects others

The article informed me about decisions regarding faith based funding - i didn't know that could even exist 

I agree that the budget process should be streamlined and that power should not rest on the executive but the legislative branch. I feel that the greater transparency and efficiency proposed by the article would be beneficial for the state. 

Bribery has basically been legalized in the United States and it has been made increasingly easier for special interests to make their mark. The suggestions made by the article are reasonable and fair.

I think the summary at the end was the best part 

As a psychologist this issue of mental health is very important to me

Good structure and the topic of money in politics interests me

No money in politics. No lobbyist. Problem solved. 

The influence of lobbyists is becoming extreme and a real danger to democracy. This is why the government size needs to be severely limited. It is too easily corruptible. 

High property taxes can be very problematic for a state like New Jersey. The article is right to celebrate attempts to mitigate this, especially through reform of well-liked but expensive public works. 

Repeat article

I believe in transparency in government, and I believe that government should be operated honestly. This editorial points out some processes that would be put in place that would promote transparency and honesty in government operations

Making changes carefully can maintain Scenic Hudson. 

The patriot act is an abomination and should be abolished. The article in my opinion does not go far enough in proving this. 

I agree that estates should be taxed more.

Tax holidays or lower taxes does not increase jobs. This is something that is obvious and clear to see. I still believe in lower taxes but for completely different reasons. 

Reforming the state government to create a less corrupt and more efficient government is really positive. I think that the article is right to champion these efforts and call for more robust ones in the future. 


Indeed, only a legislative amendment can effectively guarantee state or local government reform 

I think it would help even if it's a little.

I agree that stem cells are incredibly important for future research. The article is completely right in pushing for its approval by the congress and president. 

It's unfair and wrong for them to get away with doing this.

The treatment of prisoners throughout the Bush administration was horrendous. The article is right in pointing these out and condemning them. 

I was unaware that national private savings were at an all-time low. I believe that deficits are a grave danger to the economy but I was until now unaware of the danger of the same in the private sector. This article points it out and shows a bleak picture. 

The bill did fail and we still don't have an immigration solution. The article is right to point out that primary politics often plays an ugly role in polarization and policy. 

Marriage should not be run by the state. If it is, divorce should be as easy as possible. I was unaware of this issue and I wholeheartedly agree with the article. 

I generally agree with the notion that day laborers should be treated with respect and that the bill proposed would do little to help solve the issue. 

I was unaware of this particular situation but from the article, it is clear that the United States government should either demonstrate Mr. Arar's guilt or make amends. I agree with the article. 

It is clear that the Bush administration completely fumbled the Iraq war. Attempts to smooth it over later with excuses and false memories should be criticized as the article does. 

I tentatively believe that the United States has a role to play in making the world a better place. I, however, do not like the idea of it being done through military methods. At this time it seemed that America's intervention may be for the better in Afghanistan it  was a good sign. 

The government does have a role to play in protecting the environment. The article is right to point out that the Attorney General is failing in this task and point out ways he can improve this. 

Voter-verified paper records are important and the article is right to support a bill that will make it mandatory. I was unaware of this topic but agree with the article none the less. 

Making sure we protect our democracy is very important. I agree that there should be greater accountability and transparency when testing and certifying voting machines. 

Preparing to deflect an earth-bound asteroid should be a priority. 

I agree that minimum wage should be livable. 

I agree it needs to be held accountable and also make sure further damage isn't done. 

History ought to be preserved but sometimes politics gets in the way. 

I agree that we need to find new and better alternatives to gasoline. 

I agree that we need to get to the root of the issues and plan a good effort for the future.

I agree that if a party is getting too self-indulgent that they need to be reprimanded. 

The government does have a role to play in the preservation of land, always trying to avoid having adverse effects on different private sectors. The article is right in pushing for this in New Jersey. 

I strongly agree that safety of the people living in these areas should be the top of the list during such projects.

I agree that if she wants the continued support, she needs to do what needs to be done.

Campaign finance reform is important to a democracy as it makes sure that politicians are accountable to voters. I agree with the article. 

Campaign finance reform is really important in order to keep politicians accountable to voters. I agree with the article. 

Obviously they need to be able to view the data ASAP to help create a better system.

I agree. It should be less of a sadistic freak show and more educational. 

Government should not be fighting itself over matters such as this. Clean air should be first priority on the agenda, not pleasing the big corporations.

It should be a balancing act, and a finely tuned one at that. High tech could help save lives by neutralizing threats without the need to put boots on the ground.

I agree that sometimes everyone suffers when some people make bad decisions.

I agree that there should be set systems and that they should be transparent.

I think that the people should have all of their freedoms.

I agree that it should be a fair process.

I agree that the law takes away from a freedom that the U.S was built on.

I completely agree that these tactics are just wrong and unconstitutional.

I agree that instead of trying to save face, real actions and progress need to be seen.

I agree that voting scare tactics just take away from the race.

I agree that moving forward things need to change.

I agree we need to think of the workers who are affected most.

I completely agree that we need to constantly make sure that the machines are in perfect order.

I think even the smallest thing, doing something is a step forward. So Secretary Rice should do so.

I agree that the government should do something to help more people reach higher education.

I think that if a government still has conflict in another part of the world they should not begin a war somewhere else.

I agree that if we are going to spend so much money it might as well go towards a bigger aspiration.

I agree that action needs to be taken. The longer the wait, the bigger the conflict grows.

I agree that better oversight is definitely needed.

I agree that the U.S government needs to be held accountable.

I think that the laws need to change so that people actually receive appropriate punishments for their case.

I think there needs to be a better oversight because patients should get good care no matter what.

I think that in the long run no matter the leadership changes, environmental laws must be protected.

I agree that this could do well for the sake of upholding the law.

I think minimum wage should be raised.

I think emission caps are a good idea. We need to start thinking forward because it really is a dangerous game being played.

As long as it benefits the people.

I think they have to think about the issues early on and hear what others have to say or the solutions that come, will come too late.

Too much time, effort, and resources have been used in Iraq and Iran. We need to remove troops, and focus on other issues. 

A 20-2 vote seems like a clear stance. We need stronger rules and regulations regarding health, exposure, and the EPA. 

Everyday more news comes out about the ethical issues running rampant in both parties. Stronger rules, regulations, and punishments need to be enacted to decrease the incidence of ethical issues. 

One of the worst things about the Bush administration is there rejection of treaties and their need for supremacy. 

I agree they should continue moving forward with the project, it should not be killed just because it didn't get completed during one persons term. 

To save lives it might be necessary to find a strong enforcement director with the peoples welfare in mind, rather than appeasing industries. 

The clean up and rebuilding of New Orleans has taken an inexcusably long time. 

There is no sound reason that political heads should need drivers and cars. There is abuse of this tax payer funded privilege and it should be ended. 

The cost of living, low wages, and rising energy costs are keeping Americas poorest workers down, and unable to get back up. 

Immigrants to America should not be treated so poorly, day laborers are out there looking for work, not asking to be harassed and abused. 

Troops need to be brought home. If leaders in the area are not doing the necessary things to help, and being democracy, then there is no reason for American troops to continue being there. 


No Child Left Behind is a policy that put a lot of expectations on states, but didn't give the states any guidance on how to implement things to meet their goals. 

Continued research is necessary to find out what variables led to the reduction in breast cancer. 

The fact that there are ineffective and under-qualified teachers, means we need to look at the training and regulations around teaching certificates.  

There needs to be clear and believable rules and regulations related to lobbyist and where the money goes and what it pays for. 

These individuals deserve to have attorneys, that is one thing that sets America apart. They are innocent until proven guilty and deserve to be heard and represented in court of law. 

The War on Drugs has done noting but put no violent criminals behind bars for too long, given them felonies they can never get rid of, and basically set them up for more difficult times in their future. 

It is not okay to take the ethics package and take it apart until its nothing. It needs to be checked and balanced by the public and put into action. 

National reconciliation is an important and necessary part of settling issues in Iraq. 

I agree if they are not using the money to build homes and decrease segregation then they should be forced to return the money they were given for the project. 

Big businesses do not need any more tax cuts, they need to pay their workers a livable wage, a wage that can cover the cost of housing, transportation, food, and child care if necessary. 

The USA is so short on jails and prisons that it's stressing the whole system. Emphasis needs to be placed on rehab but that will not help the current situation. 

Conflicting interests cannot be allowed in governments, or international organizations. Tighter accountability should be in place for these sitautions.

The stadium should never threaten the already stressed MTA.

They should try to find a way to maintain current tenants, these people need an affordable and safe place to live. 

Pension reform will benefit some and disenfranchise others. Whilst legislation is good, it needs proper monitoring to ensure companies adhere and workers are protected. 

JetBlue could have handled the situation differently but calling it passenger abuse is going a bit far. 

The United States should be ashamed of stooping to the same treatment of prisoners that they have previously stood against. 

A citizenship path is the perfect blend of justice (having to pay back taxes etc) and upholding the American dream of becoming an American. 

Congress should do more to make the possible debt and regulations of credit cards clear and understandable especially for those who are getting mailed information about "Free Money" without much more understanding of the process. 

Cutting funding for Project Sunlight is a bad idea. Project Sunlight would allow the public a full database full of info.  

There should be dental care available for our poor children and adults. By having preventative care these people would cost the state less in the long run. 

Cutting funding for Project Sunlight is another way of saying we don't want the public to see where the money is going. 

Cutting funding for plans like Project Sunshine is politicians saying we don't want the public to know what we are doing. 

Babies born in America of Illegal parents should receive their infant care. They families should be assisted in getting necessary documents, like birth certificates so that the children can receive medicaid. 

Sometimes a decision has to be taken for a candidate because there will be more good done as a result of his election than bad. This is with the full knowledge that there will be some bad.

The education system is indeed in need of reform. The editorial did a good job in highlighting that chartered schools without a review of the inherit weaknesses in the current system and a view to change these will not solve the current problem in the education system.

The government needs to take preservation of our wildlife and habitats seriously. We need to keep them safe for our kids and grandkids to enjoy. 

Mr. Spitzers budget regarding school funding makes sense, those who need more money should receive more.  

Many of the problems are before Ms. O'Connell got into office, but she has had time to face those issues and get some work done one them.

I believe it's very difficult to pin down an entire government with more facts

Tax cuts don't spur on the economy - just helps rich

I support the Long Island set up. The clear lines between crime and no crime neighborhoods should speak mountains.

Mr. Bloomberg seems to be making strong steps towards reducing emissions. 

Sin taxes are great. Make people pay for poor decisions 

Sex Ed is a must. The article explains it through the numbers 

Provisional votes should be allowed, even when dropped in wrong districts.

Personal favors, mixing personal and public funds, those things cannot be allowed by any public officials.

New York needs its own set of laws and regulations regarding human trafficking. 

The Bigger Better Bottle Deal is a good idea and will help the community, and the environment. 

Peace should try and be worked out, however, I will support Israel over Palestine because historically the area the fighting is over belongs to Israel.

FDA deserves all the support it can get. It has perhaps the single most important job when it comes to the healthcare system.

Private accounts should never be tapped, and in my opinion private debt should never be forced on any next of kin.

Only because of the last statement 

Everything should be based on merit alone, not by who knows who. That is just bad politics.

Human safety should be a high priority 

I strongly disagree. Those stand for moral reasons, not religious. 

This law in 2006 is the most non American thing I experienced in my life

If you get caught - the penalty should fit the crime. 

Numbers and facts about police salaries 

Gives good numbers-based arguments about fiscal policies

Congress should look into all of these accounts. 

Everyone will lose in an all out trade war with China. 

We need to free American scientific discovery from being derailed by the Pres. 

Our judicial system is flawed in so many ways. I know people who are in prison for 25 years for a first offence of petty robbery while others from the same county are in prison for 5-6 years for murder or several rapes. It is ludicrous and definitely needs to be more streamlined!  

Continued protection of the Sound is important but should not be something that Congress needs to step in on and help. 

Mr. Spitzer needs to practice what he preaches and be a leader in reform. 

Pharmaceutical companies should not be able to pay doctors, with gifts or anything else to encourage them to carry and prescribe their drugs. 

Bush should have allowed the EPA to handle things and allowed California to impose their own emission standards, as long as they met the minimum for the country. 

Those with the most money, the most power, have the biggest ability to lead change in environmental protection. 

Putting money towards creating safe and beautiful public spaces is a good idea. 

We need to aggressively work towards bringing attention to these situations where people are being abused, mistreated, and kept as slaves in the United States. 

America needs to pull out of Iran and Iraq and allow them to handle there issues accordingly if they are unwilling to meet the UN's requests. 

There is no reason for the national defense funding to be more than what we are spending on taking care of our veterans when they come home from war. 

Council members should have a cap on the amount of money they receive, that is closer to 250. 

This amendment is a bad choice for anyone who believes in what America Stands for. 

There is no good reason for Mr. Libby to remain free while he goes through the appeals process.

Bush should work to encourage other nations to follow suite by reducing the worlds arsenals, rather than just blocking them. 

The Hudson River is polluted in such a way that I can’t even imagine how anyone would think that living close to it would be a good idea. It’s another classic example of Americans not taking care of our natural resources or taking responsibility for what is being left behind for our children and grandchildren to deal with. 

I honestly haven’t watched television in over 10 years and when I did watch it it was maybe for 20-30 minutes a day so I don’t really know a lot about what is being aired anymore. I do know just from what I have seen on social media that the public television programs have definitely changed from the likes of Family Matters and Full House! 

PBS is a wonderful thing. I still rem never Sesame Street and Mr Rogers neighborhood when I was little. Leave it the government to try to ruin a good thing. 

Bush is not worried about bringing home our troops, only finishing his term. 

All branches of government should have a mandatory Glassdoor policy to maintain honesty and accountability. The fact that any branch would have a closed door policy tells me there’s definitely underhanded doings going on. 

Reviewing backgrounds of aspirants for political office is very important as as the editorial points out, their past behaviours will almost always provide an insight as to how they will behave while in office

True, all things being equal, students will matriculate to high performing high schools if they are given a good foundation in elementary and middle schools. In order to achieve this, there has to equity across the system and a good understanding of where best to focus the resources.

Healthcare for inmates needs overhauled. The whole system needs it, actually.

Terrorists deserve no special treatment, and they are not in any way subject to the laws of the geneva convention. 

I don't understand how it is so difficult to choose only those based on merit, not personal ties or political allegiances. 

The crime happened in America. America and america alone are responsible for what happens to him. He forfeited his rights to consular support.

Stem cell research shows promise, it must be explored further. The government has a responsibility to the people to fund advances in medicine. 

Services should be available to people who have been labor or sex trafficked.  

The EPA should have the right to regulate greenhouse gasses and emissions. 

Lowering the amount that can't be contributed to campaigns would be a step in the right direction. 

I agree that the people of Nigeria need to be helped, their leaders need to think of supporting their people. 

There should be laws and sanctions around who can own a gun, there should be a public list of gun owners, that allows everyone to know who the gun owners are. 

The fact that Mr. Spitzer has to essentially pay off republicans to keep them from holding up votes, so they get money that they don't really need for education is awful. These things should be made public, discussed publicly, and not be a confusing mess.

Putting this substance on so many deer without knowing the consequences could be dangerous, but testing it is important. 

I agree with the article, the USA should help the European countries in their efforts for Kyrgyzstan.

The elections clearly need to be rebuilt. Perhaps starting by cutting the pay to the overpaid politicians, and decreasing corporate involvement.

Tighter accountability will lead to increased funding when necessary. A wise move.

They have to meet in the middle if they want to solve the problem. Incinerators have been an idea for a while, perhaps one that should be revisited. 

That was incredibly out of place to have been said. Using horrific unrelated events to further political agendas is sickening.

The sad part is that lobbyists will do anything to get their way. Maybe they should make stricter consequences instead. 

It's a great step.

Taxes should match your income to a certain extent. 

I feel a junk food tax is a good idea. ITs similar to the tobacco tax, if you’re going to make bad choices you should have to pay more for them. Put the taxes toward health care that they’ll need after eating that junk.

These are not the only schools with issues. It’s happening all over the US even now. We need to make serious changes nation wide not just on a state by state basis. 

I don’t know about the rest of of it but I firmly stand by it not being any governmental branches responsibility to build any sports or entertainment stadiums, tax money should go to true needs of the community first and foremost! 

It’s not like it’s a secret that our country is in massive debt over our head. It would be nice for the government o actually admit that and take honest steps toward truly fixing the problem. 

A culturally diverse community center of some sort would be a good thing. It could make a statement to those who try to bring us down that though some people may be questionable no matter what a certain race or religion does we will remain true to ourselves and stay culturally diverse in spite of what has happened. 

I don’t believe any pharmaceutical company truly puts its results out there nor would they provide all their research even when required by law. That would not truly be beneficial to them. 

Another example of a few who are rich enough to make their own wants happen over the needs of those who can’t afford to make things happen pushing limits in a way our government shouldn’t allow. 

I agree that the state needs to have more action.

I agree that the government needs to act now and remove troops instead of sending them.

I think that officials need to garner all the help they can get to secure environmental laws. 

I think if it has as many foreseen benefits as it does, the state should work towards it.

The President shouldn't lie and actually try more to meet what he set out to.

I agree that a new system that has caused much concern should not be hastily pushed forward.

It always seems like the two parties can never work together to truly get anything done right. They’re all so busy worrying about their own agendas that none of them can see the big picture. 

This is a pet peeve of mine. I have seen families lose their home due to imminent domain. One family I know lost a family home that had been in their family for over 100 years they weren’t compensated for even half of what the house had been estimated to be worth so they were kicked out and went from property owners to renters, it isn’t right that the government can just take family homes under the guise of saying they are compensated when the compensation isn’t as fair as they lead you to believe. 

I agree that if this bill has both sides behind it, it should be pushed for the interest of all.

I agree that they should join forces and get things done.

The freedom of the press should be protected, I find the jailing of journalist to be a cowardly thing for a government that is supposed to be free to allow. 

I agree that the measure sounds good but should be reworked to help Hospitals in the end.

Of course the Bush administration didn’t take oil dependency seriously, Bush is an oil man first and foremost. 

We could do the world a huge favor by moving passed nuclear power and finding cleaner and less hazardous ways to create energy. 

I actually see no problem with requiring some sort of picture ID verifying who a voter is and that they are indeed a citizen in order to vote. 

I agree that he should keep his promise and make sure nothing is amiss.

I agree that he should continue his course but do it in a smart way.

I agree that the budget should go for what is actually needed.

I think it should be made transparent what the end goal is. I think a rule should be a rule not a mere suggestion.

I think what is done with said donations should be transparent and used for the campaign not personal needs.

I think that anything that can be done should be done in order to move forward. 

I think the government should put its money towards what the soldiers actual need.

I agree that regulators and lenders need to think about the future and work to help homeowners get past this.

I agree that nothing in Iraq with so many troops there will go well. Removing more troops seems to be an answer.

The Red Cross organization should be available in Israel. 

Making a show of budget cuts from medicaid while backhandedly giving tax relief to the rich is a terrible thing to do for the country. 

Employers offer so little to their employees these days that an auto IRA would be so much help to individuals and families. 

To have an earth for our children we need to get our emissions, and other pollutants under control. 

We need to put new people into office who have new ideas about how stop global warming and our energy dependence. 

Freezing aid to the Hamas government is fine, but cutting off the Palestinian people is not right. 

Everywhere government officials scratch each others backs and keep each other in office. There needs to be a way to prevent this back scratching at such a huge level. 

No one is taking a voluntary approach seriously. 

I’m not sure i understand a lawthat tells a worker they can’t go on strike. The one who should have the consequences is the one who told the workers they could go on strike knowing there was a law in place that would end up penalizing them for the strike. 

As long as the innocent are protected and the immigration laws are not used unjustly then teaming up to rid communities of gangs should be done. 

When it comes to a budget, every governmental branch should be required to have total transparency at all times to avoid the good old boys helping themselves. 

It should be a given in the entire nation that relatives be allowed to make the final decision for incapacitated people at all times. 

Focusing on only one part of the ecosystem does not help the entire ecosystem. They need to worry about the entire system,

It comes down to our government needing to start really taking environmental preservation seriously and keep them safe! 

He didn't just innocently come by this power. Repercussions are bound to happen, and that is the government's duty.

Closing the library during peak hours when children should be learning how to use the library system is ridiculous. 

Abstinence only isn’t a good stance to take. Often women and girls are raped in these countries the choice isn’t always there. 

I think that assisted suicide should be legal in all states. 

79.5 Million is not a large punitive charge for a company like Phillip Morris. 

America thrives on diversity. Being acepting of others will keep America going. 

Capital gains should not continue to be so advantaged. 

The hospital does need to look at ways they can save money, make money, and continue to support themselves as others work to help them. 

The government should be working together to save public libraries. 

A hiring site can be a safe place for day laborers to talk about jobs, take a lunch break, and use the toilet. 

It is a shame that a year later the people affected by Katrina are still waiting for help. 

People should be able to look for work in public places. 

Age discrimination is a real thing and it is great that they are working to provide support for those being discriminated against. 

Four years of failed leadership in Iraq should be enough to make congress take a long look at the situation and make some changes. 

New Orleans needs to be put first, the need to stop using this tragedy as an excuse to spend money on things that don't matter to those affected by Katrina. 

Congress should be ashamed of the way that are handling this situation. Allowing a predator to remain in plain site hurting those that he was to mentor is disgusting. 

Shaming women into breast feeding is not going to help the cause. Providing support for women who want to or may be interested in breast feeding is the only thing that should be done. 

America should not be funneling weapons into the black market. 

The person who is best for the job, on paper in black and white, with results backing them should be hired. 

Our nation will be far less free if we do not have three working branches of the government committed to a system of checks and balances. 

The United States should not be going over seas looking for people to work as nurses in the US. They should be giving American men and women incentives for becoming nursing professionals. Make the job worthwhile and people will work it.

All city owned vehicles should meet minimum emission standards. 

Hospitals should swallow beneficiaries unpaid medical bills. 

Disability benefit cases need to be worked through decided and those with true need should receive benefits. 

Brining people to justice is not locking them away in Guantanamo Bay or other secret prisons and throwing away the key. That is not American, and not what America has been said to stand for. 

Once again tax cuts go to those who don’t particularly need it and those who would truly benefit from tax cuts are left hanging. 

I agree that teacher quality makes a huge difference. It takes it from making kids pay attention because they have to know something and making kids want to learn because they are excited to be in class. 

Anyone who is willing to do the work to become a citizen should be encouraged to do so, let’s not just automatically sick the law on immigrants. 

They will never be able to make everyone happy when it comes to taxes.

Politicians are always quick to scramble and get their agendas through especially on election years when it’s possible they may not keep their position. 

The pensioners have earned their pension. So it’s the states responsibility to ensure they are compensated. 

It is good to see them taking on and pushing for affordable living for low in income families. Sadly there are more Americans living in poverty everyday. 

So often school funds are misused and squandered, they need to do more to protect those funds and ensure they are being used in the best interest of the district they have been collected for. 

Everyone all over the world needs to be more mindful of their waste. I know there are countries which burn waste to create clean energy. Perhaps the United Nations should implement this to ensure preservation of our enviroment. 

We need to take care of our families at home. We have a broken system in so many ways, and we need to start researching and voting for those who will start fixing the systems at home.

I understand that gambling facilities bring in revenue for the community but it also causes so many problems for many. 

America does not know what’s best for everybody. 

The democrat/republican he said/she said seems to be a constant going on. We will truly never make any progress unless the two parties put aside their differences and work together. 

Our country has been facing a financial crisis for years. Sadly it isn’t likely to change any time soon. 

Police need to take the lead on hazardous spills, as they could be terrorist related. If its a trap, the firefighters have no way to defend themselves.

I support this bill, and these moves, completely.

Replacing the opium production with another crop, and returning the prisoners, is the right thing for the US to do.

All the countries should band together to help the oppresed in Africa. Give them the opportunity to fight back for themselves through aid and training.

At one time the United States would stand and fight for what is right. No matter who or where. Not anymore.

There is no right or wrong in this case. But there is mercy.

Leave the technology and rhe companies alone. Prosecute the criminal not the technology. Corporations controlling other technologies...bad idea.

I'm very much against sales tax. The government does not own the internet, and I'm tired of them playing like they do. 

Picking up and moving on, growing stronger, not being intimidated, that is how people defeat terrorism. 

Government should not allow corporations amd their incessant greed to threaten the lives of American citizens. Stiff security should be in place.

The U.N. is a joke. Giving aid is not the only primary job they have. Defending with force the innocents being massacred, that is also their role in the world. One they fail miserably at.

Israel rightfully owns the area, but it is not worth war.

Contraceptives should be allowed to every woman, every where. Abortion pills, that is a different story.

I'm an avid supporter of alternate fuels, specifically in larger corporations as they have the biggest affect on mankind.

Electronic voting isn’t a bad thing. It really does reduce the chances of error. 

Good summing-up of the Palestinian problem

"constituent-pleasing myths" was a good line...

I honestly believe that we would be better off if they put caps on how much can be charged for tuition and books or go to free higher education options. 

It’s not just the EPAs job to ensure the preservation of our enviroment. It needs to be a joint effort from both government and citizens. 

Even prisoners of war deserve respect and to be treated humanely at all times. This is completely uncalled for. 

Our justice system is so flawed and broken, it feels like it will never be fixed. 

I feel strongly that there should be a cap on medical expenses. But in lieu of that I’d be happy to have a pay by quality of service program instead of the current system we have. 

Further space exploration is not quite a waste of money but it is pretty close

Replacing those who have little thought for preserving our enviroment with people who truly care about it is a solid start to creating a better world for everyone. 

Unity is key to stabilizing Iraq.

I'm part Cherokee, still don't see how the government owes us anything. All Indians took land from someone else before it was taken from us, so why do we expect special treatment?

I supported the war then and I still stand by it today. Obviously it worked. 

Sometimes having mercy makes a bigger impact than dishing out the harshest punishment. 

Even now, we still need minimum wage reform. Those making minimum wage are living in poverty or worse. 

We have some serious environmental issues that need to change and be protected. Until we make massive changes things will not get better. 

I don’t really feel like public transportation needs to have access to alcohol. People can stop at a pub or go home to have a drink. 

Pharmaceutical companies should have a cap on how much they can charge for medications for everyone not justmedicaid recipients. 

Accountability is vital if governements want full support of their citizens.

Though it is Israel's land, they deserve nothing but praise in making this step towards peace.

All of those precautions may be nice but there’s no guarantee that they will truly protect and keep terrorists off a plane. 

You can’t keep people in a state when the cost of living is twice what the average wage is. 

Global warming is nothing more than politicians playing up the natural cycle of the earth. We are still as okay today as we were then. 

Doesnt matter which site, as long as the safety protocols are met.

It’s always good to hear political figureheads taking enviromental issues seriously. Now if they’d work together to make some serious changes. 

NASA should spend less time playing in outer space and more time coming up with alternative energy sources. 

Dated articles always tend to show the flaws in arguments about global warming. 

People first, enviroment second, corporations never.

We have so many unnecessary things in every governmental budget. If we would just cut back to literal necessity we would come closer to getting out of the deficit. Of course no one will actually propose that though!

We did what was right, and the world is better for it today.

Judges, actually all politicians, should be elected by their history of doing what is right. Not by anything else.

Our public school systems are so broken and we just do not have the quality that we need in there. 

Sickens me how the government's departments refuse to work together with state or city when it comes to defending the American people. That should always be first priority, not their pride.

I don’t really believe that oil man Bush would reduce the usage of gas. 

It’s always good when they recognize a need for new budgets but they need to be able to put the budgets in place and make them work. 

Our healthcare system needs a huge overhaul. If they’d put caps in place there would be far less problems. 

Nothing wrong with investing in a countries future as a democracy. 

If Bush administration can't get anything done, then it's up to the people to show our support to those who can, such as Senator Carper.

States have every right to push environmental standards on industries, same as the national government.

True, the Likud held him back. 

He was a mass murderer. A tyrant. Maybe he didn't even deserve a trial.

Exactly what sets Washington apart from Beijing. Honesty to the people.

It's not just the poor that will benefit. Everyone will. The resources of some of these countrues are very rich and promising.

Leasing land for mining, cattle, etc, instead of ownership, will impose responsibilities on the corporations. Which in turn, will protect the enviroment. 

There are definitely expendable items on the budget that should have been dropped off before they even made it on the budget. We need to live to meet needs not wants until we get out of debt. 

They should mandate that unused campaign monies go toward the deficit.

I think vaccines like these need to be mandatory in order to stop new cases.

Our military deserves to be a priority when it comes to getting up to date equipment. 

I think that taxpayers should indeed have the right to challenge.

There are so many houses sitting empty, and people keep building more. 

I think that if there is an ink drop of shady occurrences, they must be investigated thoroughly. 

I love when politicians take notice of problems in the enviroment and truly make an attempt to fix it. 

I agree that rules are rules but his reaction was over the top to say the least.

I think it's a good start and can have many benefits in the future.

I agree that mental and physical ailments should be treated with the same attentiveness.

Let the governement do to threats to the national security as it will.

A balance is needed between what to make public and what to keep private, although it should lean more towards being public.

I agree that changing these aspects would be the best way to go.

If the government wants to spy on me, go ahead. I have nothing to hide. If they want to detain terrorists, legally or not, it should be allowed.

Every penny should be accounted for, BEFORE it is dished out.

It takes time, but at least it is being started.

Education system needs a reset, but setting up Pre-K will only have a positive affect, and should therefore be pushed.

It's not the government's responsibility to reunute loved ones. You come here, that's your choice. Callous as it may sound, its what is for the best.

I support all of these ideas, as a way to keep the government in check. 

Reform NY is a great step. 

Designing a system that will cater to the wheelchair bound is an important feature in every city. NYC should be no different. 

I have long believed that school systems, specifically data keeping and finances.

I think at times the future needs to be the more important than short-term needs. 

I think that anything that can be done should be.

I agree that they do need to acknowledge it and figure this out or the inequality will just get worse.

I agree that her actions could have caused more bad than good.

I agree that a lot more can be done to help the situation and the Mayor should be at the forefront. 

I agree that they should join together to keep the good work going.

I agree that thorough investigations need to happen.

I agree that if it does not work that we should stop pushing it. Education and contraceptives are the best options.

I agree that if that's what they really want they need to push to have more public participation. 

I agree that maximizing safety vs quantity of appearances is a better option.

I agree with the limiting but also making things more transparent.

I think they need to make it a priority in order to avoid future accidents.

I agree with the adding and that the Dems need to do all that they can.

I think extensive investigations need to continue. 

I agree that if officials are convicted, they should lose their pensions.

I agree that if they are now at a good point the police should also see some benefits as well.

I agree that something has to be done now.

I agree that he needs to listen and work more for the people.

I agree that things need to change.

I completely agree that the military has got to be more careful. 

I think the President needs to actually listen to those who are experts at this.

I agree that democracy needs to still go on.

I agree that obesity is a major issue and that it all starts with the kids. 

I agree that the Democrats need to now use that power for good and reject someone with a record like Judge Southwick.

I agree that the cause is right but the way he went about it was wrong.

I think that they need to listen to the troops for what they need. The troops are the ones in the line of danger.

I agree that more lawmakers should back the bill because of the benefits it would actually bring.

Pay cuts are what is needed, not pay raises.

We set the example, but it is up to future generations to finish what we start. 

I agree the bill deserves all of the support it can get.

It is absolutely the public's business to see where our money is going.

Can't be just power, the writer is right. Must be based on democracy, true democracy, as well.

I agree that it is good that the U.S made this decision because it can help at least a bit for however long. 

I agree that bills like these will help move us forward.

I agree that President Bush is out of touch with what he says and what he does.

The stronger the competition, the stronger the winner.

When resetting the prison system, the mental system should be a part of that reset.

Journals should certainly remain unbiased, and take any steps necessary to stay that way.

Sadly there are more crooked politicians than there are honest ones. 

Free speech is important. The word vagina is not bad, it isn’t even inappropriate. It’s a body part. 

Our family law system is broken and needs revised. 

Mental health is a huge problem right now. There is little help for those suffering from mental health issues and it is getting more and more out of hand. 

I couldn’t agree more. There need to be ways to keep politicians from being bought and paid for by lobbyists. 

Most states can afford to fix their education systems if they apply common sense and work wisely. 

I couldn’t agree more! We need solutions to keep politicians from being bought and paid for by lobbyists. 

Something that, minor as it may be, should've been dealt with long ago. 

Dual officeholding is a recipe for disaster. I'm avidly against this.

Completely against same sex marriages, and any benefits that would have come from these relationships.

I agree that the church has their right to freedom of speech.

I think that politics should stay out of the building of this site.

Considering how many in our system are dishonest and crooks I’m really not surprised. 

I agree that Spitzer has the backing but he needs to go about things in newer ways for the future.

It’s frightening to think of the millions of people who would be affexted by an incident at the chemical plants, not to mention if it was the target of an an attack. I’m not sure what they can do to even protect those plants, but I do hope they come up with a solution. 

The rich get richer is a phrase often heard in the US, rightfully so since most of the “breaks” come to those who could afford not to have them.

I agree that the bill will be helpful in many ways.

I do not feel deputizingblocal law enforcement is a good idea. Leave deportation to those qualified to do so.

I like the idea. Increase the cost of cigarettes, alcohol, and junk food.... all of the stuff that contribute to quickly failing health. 

Our government system is over ran with crooked and dishonest politicians. We need stronger consequences for politicians who break the law. 

Abstinence is a great thing but anyone who thinks abstinence only in sex education is a good idea is foing themselves. Safe sex and abstinence both hold very important parts in a thorough and effective sex education class. 

I agree that Spitzer and his backers should go for reform full force.

I agree that the new budget can heavily help the current judicial pay issue.

I agree that protest should be done in productive ways.

It was the right move to take.

I agree wholeheartedly.

Maybe someday the two parties will learn to get along and come up with plans that work for all citizens instead of just trying to pass what suits their agendas best. 

Someone must have done something right, now that North and South Korea are at peace and working things out. Or at least trying to.

The crime rate and the welfare they take from our own citizens do not justify allowing illegals to remain or even to allow whoever wants in the USA to just come.

I feel like working harder to create safe working conditions for these workers should be a priority. 

I agree that the Senate is asking for trouble and should reevaluate everything.

I agree that the speed at which things were unfolding is being rushed and does not need to be.

I agree that Healthcare is an issue across the nation and should be treated with more weight than it has been.

I agree that the Navy's budget should be reevaluated and used better.

If a politician is convicted of wrong doing and taking advantage of their office in a way that leads to a conviction and hopefully jail time, they should be stripped of all pensions. 

I agree that just building more prisons is not the answer. More needs to be done, especially for the young offenders.

I agree that it's a step that can move everything forward.

I agree that they should reevaluate the bill and not risk passing something that will endanger many of the world's poorest. 

The government has a responsibility to her people to protect them, not just from current attacks, but future ones as well. That situation is clearly a future threat.

Monopolizing in the industry, any industry, is a dangerous road. Furthermore, it reminds one of Communism.

I agree that there needs to be a balance in what the Immigration bill should strive for.

The vanishing wetlands and barriers need to be protected. A change in the environment of that nature could have a domino effect.

I agree that they should first worry about enforcing laws already in place.

I think that precautions should be taken no matter what.

I agree that it is a good idea with research to back it and more lawmakers should get on board.

I agree that Congress to reevaluate everything and make sure this does not occur again.

I agree that there is hypocrisy in how the two situations have been reacted to by the governments.

I agree that plans need to turn to actions. Things like warning sirens are invaluable. 

I agree that it is too much of an issue to just overlook.

I agree that this can be more than a dream. It is very doable with the budget that Spitzer has.

I think that they should ease people's minds and assure safety.

I think that education should be standard on a federal level and up to scientific standards.

I think that safety should be the number one priority. 

I think Bush needs to come around to reality and change his tactics.

I agree that people with troubling records should not be appointed to offices like this at all. 

I think Bush and Congress need to reevaluate everything because the Veterans are quite right.

I agree that they need to rethink how they handle these situations.

I agree that they should discuss everything and not appoint people that are not qualified or shady.

I agree that there needs to be more transparency and regulations with hedge funds. 

I agree that the issues with conflict of interest should indeed be reviewed.

I agree that this is a big problem in the age of technology that we are in now.

I agree with complete separation of church and state. Appointments to such a high office should definitely be on merit and the law no religion.

Every branch of our system is messed up in some way. All of our branches need to be fixed and learn to work together instead of trying to work against each other constantly. 

I agree with the labeling idea because the findings by the scientist can then prove very helpful for many.

Every branch of the government should have mandatory total transparency. Anything behind closed doors is questionable. 

There should be no training camps so close to residential areas that this many mistakes happen. 

I agree that bad landlords can easily bypass the bill so other precautions should indeed be taken in order to protect the tenants. 

Bush has no idea on climate change and leads the USA with this choice in the stone age of climate change 

Very important topic and well stated: legislators need to consult the experts on this issue

Implementing major industrial projects often cause much debate prior to its implementation with arguments both for and against. At the end of the day, the benefits, if they outweigh the negatives should be the driving factor for the implementation decision.

The writer shows that persons will often cover up and then a blind eye to significant issues and continue to support their candidate of choice.

The writer shows how through effective leadership even projects of high levels of controversy and complexity can be brought under control and in the public's interest.

Needed reforms need to be put in place irrespective of the side of the political divide making the recommendations.

I feel like the money and manpower from these missions could go to better things. Such as world aid. How important is the Hubble in our everyday lives?

I don't believe in Global Warming, however the fact that we are slowly destroying our environment is common knowledge. Some things the government should go cheap on, sure, but future generations deserve a cleaner world than what we are creating.

Rumsfield was not the best, so this move was a chance for a breath of fresh air.

Exactly. The system may need tweaks, but at least it is working. That's a start.

Completely opposed to increasing drilling in the USA. We are already pushing mother nature as is.

We can't beg for money forever. A massive crash is inevitable, and we are not prepared.

He should resign, clearly he proved to be a cliché hypocrite.

That was a step too far, wearing those buttons. Playing on emotions and insinuations has no place in a courtroom. Evidence only.

Steps in the right direction.

That is the moment the countries of the world should band together, to help the Iranian people save themselves from dictators. When they have the courage to stand up for what is right, why can't we?

Nothing angers me more than the self-righteous UN frowning on actions such as these. Ethiopia did what was necessary, and succeeded to an extent the UN could not. They deserve support and to be praised.

Hussein got what he deserved. The people of the world have suffered because of his actions, and we all deserve to be able to watch him pay.

Having the ambition is 90 percent of the job in my opinion. It gives people hope, and there's no price tag for that.

Agreed with these steps.

It is true, was not a well thought out plan by Bush.

Can't we send them all to Australia, the Brits did it years ago. In all seriousness, tracking them is key. A balance needs to be found.

We do need them. The only nuclear deterrent is owning a nuke.

Agreed. Can't just drop someone into office without some sort of procedure.

Correct. Support comes at the cost of cooperation. 

This was a disaster for all the families involved, and the government did not help matters any, not as well as it should have.

Will never believe terrorists deserve to have the right to trial in the USA. And it is sickening that any law frim would want to represent them.

Greater oversight and pooling resources, aka accountability and cooperation, something I stand for wholeheartedly. 

It is refreshing to see them agreeing about something important such as this for a change.

If you want the support of the USA, you need to commit. The US should stop just handing out aid if we are not going to demand they do what is right.

Cleaning up the state capitol is the first important step. Without that, the other steps will be harder, if not completely impossible, to complete.

Politics and economics often take precedence over many others things including environmental concerns.

The MTA is critical to the city. And as badly neglected as she is, it is clear she needs a major boost of support from the politicians who call this city home. 

Agreed.

Name one place where casinos had a positive impact in the USA? Exactly. It's all about the rich and the politicians, not about the everyday American.

Agreed, this shouldn't end up being about the money. People's lives are at stake.

Great layout and organization of the arguments. 

Greatly organized arguments 

Not because support for a proposed project is not granted to the precise degree that one would like, doesn't mean that the entire project should be abandoned. Politicians should learn how to always keep the public's interest at heart.

Nepotism and self serving interests often allow politicians to make bad political choices.

Recovery from a major catastrophe is extremely difficult - a slow and tedious process, but oftentimes the recovery effort is thwarted by unnecessary government beauracracy.

Judges that can not prove themselves to be fair and non biased even in the face of a case which concerns things they do not agree with do not deserve to be judged. 

I feel every state should have some sort of law governing assisted suicide. There’s so many who suffer or are in horrible unending pain who could if they choose to end that. We think nothing of ending animals pain but when it comes to people they like to draw it out. 

We still need to work on cleaner air and all around enviroment preservation plans. 

The seperation of Church and state is important. Both the government and the churches need to vigilantly protect that. I agree the churches should be taxed on money received while crossinging that line. 

Too often laws to improve the lives of minority are simply passed without the requisite resources and support to ensure their success. 

The side effects of many drugs have proved to be just as disastrous as the diseases they were intending to cure. This editorial points out quite well, with evidence, the links between the two.

People need to start taking notice of the land we are destroying. Swamps, forests, desserts, prairie lands are all important to the fragile ecosystem that makes our world livable. 

The government should not have these rights to be intrusive in people’s lives unless they are given good reason to do so. We live in a free country, and these types of provisions given to the government for no good reason makes it not feel so free. 

While in shop healthcare would possibly help businesses save money it really won’t help out health care problems. We need caps on insurance and pharmaceuticals to start with to really see changes. 

The position taken by governments on key issues will undoubtedly be influenced by how the decisions will affect the country's interest. We see this here with the European Commission's president.

No matter what has been tried our health system is still flawed. So many still can not afford healthcare. 

I believe that new developments should be considered in terms of the environmental and social impact, and I support studies that seek to gather that data before a building project is undertaken. This editorial supports an environmental impactassessment before continuing talks regarding a new casino development

I agree that teacher appointments should be made based on qualification, experience and merit and not entirely on seniority.

Our judicial system for one needs reformed and maybe even to be put on a national level. I know people in the same county who did 2 very different crimes one was murder and one was attempted robbery the murder is serving 5 years and first time attempted robber is serving 25. There’s something seriously flawed there. 

I believe that worker's should have the right to organize and advocate for better wages and working conditions. This editorial provided information new to me on how union's can address "economic ills", specifically by bargaining power

It's just my opinion but I'm not sure Bush really had much of a coherent strategy in Iraq. I've heard him compared with Wilson. Woodrow Wilson believed that once the Kaiser Wilhelm went down the Germans would embrace democracy; Bush believed that once Hussein went down the Iraqis would embrace democracy. Both Presidents turned out to be wrong.

Pretty good editorial about the Romeo and Juliet laws. The author obviously wasn't a lawyer because, by definition, minors cannot have "consensual sex." That error is pretty serious and it knocked the editorial down a peg for me. 

Interesting editorial about Medicaid reform...

The editorial provided new and noteworthy information to me regarding the types of programs formally supported in Latin American and the need for focus on programs focused on social justice 

I agree with the writer. It is much more important to contemplate the lives being affected by a tradegy than it is to look at the bottom line.

I like it’s clear language on legislation needed for climate change. 

Very eloquent 

Totally agree with Eisenhower. Very new info. 

This editorial provided me with new information about how poorly writing or imprecise the laws are that define terrorists acts. I believe laws should be written precisely and fairly

I think it's okay to pay an extra bit of dough to go through a line a little faster.

If you don't give people a reason to stay they will almost always leave. You have to invest some money somewhere.

The freedom tower should be a symbol to all nations. 

Perhaps our government should take a page from Hagedorns book! The more we put into our children’s education the better our country’s future will be. 

Now that's a good approach. You can't expect the middle class to just give money to worthy causes.

Good plan for spending limited healthcare dollars...

Spending a ton of money on Cold War-era weapons really doesn't make a lot of sense anymore, unless you're a defense contractor

It's kinda pathetic that we have to have such strong ethical rules for judges but there we are

Pretty good editorial about the need to contain money in politics and some decent ways to do it

If you want $$ quit killing people. Makes sense to me...

Yeah that housing credit thing was way to extreme. Before the bubble they'd loan money to anyone and after the bubble they wouldn't loan money to anyone

I believe that all children should be provided with health coverage. In addition, I support tax increase that would provide free health coverage for all. This editorial provided new information to me. I did not know that 6 mill out of 9 mill uninsured children could be insured had it not been for lack of knowledge about coverage or discontent with the bureacracy to get coverage

another pretty good public finance editorial

Seems like a good plan to me...

"sin taxes are generally good public policy"...I'd agree with that...

Good point about the benchmark for campaign finance reform. If it leads to competitive elections it's probably a good thing.

Interesting topic and pressing issue. I like. 

Yeah a lot of political offices could do with less glad-handing and more elbow grease

pretty good insight into the problems of transit repair workers

pretty good points about the danger of NYC cops going to the suburbs...

Pharmaceuticals are so over used in this country it is sad. We need stricter regulations on how and when they are used.

pretty good points about school food and obesity...

The pay-go program is new information for me, and it sounds like a solid way to cover new spending. I believe in living within means, personally and for the government

The editorial highlights that the Iraqi army on the ground was nowhere as organised and prepared to deal with the insurgents on the ground as they needed to be.

The editorial highlights how difficult it is to disturb the status quo when it comes on to issues such as equality, class and race relations.

I believe that those pharmaceutical companies or their representatives who are paid to speak or endorse a drug or other item reviewed by the F.D.A.; there should be no conflict of interest, and all conflicts of interest should be reported. This editorial highlights changes in F.D.A. rules, that are new and noteworthy to me, that would promote objectivity; I support complete objectivity in the F.D.A. review process.

Corporation in government often works better in getting the job done than antagonism and bitter rivalry.

The editorial highlights that one can become unpopular among his political colleagues even when the improvements being pushed are in the best interest of the state. That political aspiriant usually has popularity however, among the people.

Nuclear Plants that are untrustworthy should take priority on being repaired and safety guidelines being met/exceeded. 

Maybe one of these days political figureheads will learn that parks are important for the well being of families in the community and should receive more attention than the latest strip mall or housing project. 

I actually believe that kids should be taught science as a whole. It doesn’t have to be creationism or Darwinism. Let the kids decide which theory they want to learn in college. 

I believe affordable housing should be available in abundant supply, according to need (or demand). Mr. Spano plan to provide affordable housing by leasing parcels to developers under the condition that the land be used to develop affordable properties in new and noteworthy to me, and it sounds like a good plan to provide affordable housing. 

The freedom of the press is in our constitution. It’s unconsti for a politician to try to bypass the constitutional rights of the press, and they should receive strict consequences for their actions if they do so. 

Affordable housing should not be forced anywhere, upon anyone. Communities should be free to do as they please, housing wise.

I support Mr. Cuomo's ideas and projects. They seem that they will be beneficial to us all.

Any public official who uses their position as a way to disobey the laws should not hold the office they are in and should not only be fired but have stiff consequences for their behavior. 

Veterans fight for this country, spend months and years away from their families for this country and this country owes them above all quality healthcare. 

I believe a cap on property taxes is most appropriate and comforting as homeowners would have the comfort and peace of mind in knowing property taxes would not go beyond a stated percentage

As an American I only want those who value and follow good ethics in any position of power. 

One of the millions of reasons I will never live in town or a suburb. My neighbors are a mile away, the only reason we rake leaves is to jump in the piles and spread them back out. I’ll pass on life in suburbia and stick with my country life any day. 

This is a disaster waiting to happen. Doctors already way over prescribe millions of pharmaceuticals, this just seems like another way to push drugs. 

The army is indeed a country's face to the rest of the world and should showcase its strongest people of integrity. To water this down will be to a country's own detriment.

I didn’t know this, it’s a bit disturbing that these technologies take up space in our homes and yet are so toxic! 

The seperation of religion and state needs to be fully in place on all levels. Any representative recommended by the president should be willing and able to uphold their position in an unbiased fashion.

Mandatory airline laws should indeed be enforced to govern the treatment of passengers in these extraneous situations.

I agree that fish is important to the diet. Unfortunately with all the pollution fishnisnt always the safest thing to eat though. 

Government should be run without impropriety or the look of impropriety. All conflicts of interests should be avoided. the proposed bill that would forbid elected officials from using a job in a way that would benefit them financially or their families is new and noteworthy to be, and I believe it would curb conflict of interests arrangments

Immigration reform is always a very controversial issue for any government. In order for it to be meaningful, a government will have to prepare to face fierce opposition from internal political factions - both within and without its own political party.

I believe everyone should be allowed the right to legal counsel. The information in the editorial is new and noteworthy to me, specifically the request by the Justice Department to remove forms of legal representation from detainees at Guantanomo Bay. The editorials call to rewrite the Military Commissions Act to restore rights at Guantano Bay seems in order to me to ensure legal counsel, among other things, for the detainees

The pay-go plan sounds reasonable and fiscally sound. Pay-go is new and noteworthy to me; it smacks of fiscal responsibility which is a good thing

This is a repeat editorial. Please see previous response

This editorial provides new and noteworthy information to me, specifically the views of Blacks compared to Whites from New Orleans regarding life after Katrina. This editorial reinforced my stance on the existence of structural inequality; it exists.

This editorial provided me new and noteworthy information regarding modern day "slavery" of immigrants who often suffer in silence due to "shame, ignorance or fear of deportation".  I believe people should be protected from such abuse and the proposed anti-trafficking bill supports my stance

A reaction that should have been expected, and prepare for.

Strict embargos, from all the superpowers, would have solved that situation immediately.

It should be used wisely, not blown on whatever the legislature desires.

Strengthening the reach and authority of international law is exactly what needs to be done.

Perhaps the USA can only divvy up so much aid. We can't help every country in the world. Focus on what affects us directly, then focus on genocide, terrorism, then the countries that need a breath of democracy. Prioritize. 

Refugees do not belong in America. A huge majority are of young men, most with ties to terrorist cells. And the USA has no way to cull all of them out of the general population of refugees swarming to America. To protect ourselves, we cannot accept every refugee who comes to our doorstep.

A simple act of incompetence such as this is not a very good move, furthermore, it speaks volume on the real Mr. Eugene.

If you start with the children, you are preparing for the future. It would be the wise way to go.

Protests should not be allowed on park acreage. Not everyone wants to have a nice day at the park ruined by protestors. If they want to protest, they will have to find or build another area.

Gun ownership is our basic American right, and should not be regulated except in the case of criminals. Allow us to protect our homes. Just because you make guns illegal, sure doesn't mean that the criminals will no longer have access to them.

Is it free speech when it offends many other people? That reflects directly on the school, do they have no right to defend their reputation?

Agreed 100 percent. Their should be little to no connection from the committee to the industry that would threaten the unbiased decision as a whole.

Consolidation and downsizing of hospitals should be an important priority in that situation. 

Agreed with the writer. US intervention to jump start the process was needed.

I am for transparency in government. This editorial highlighted a part of New York government that is far from transparent, "the authorities". The information about "the authorties" was new and noteworthy to me. The editorial calls for transparency by urging the "phantom government [the authorities]" to "come out of the shadows", in other words be visible to the public-- transparent

The editorial put forth new and noteworthy information to me on proposed immigration law.  I believe, as it appears the writer of the editorial does, that immigration reform should be just and decent

The editorial provided new and noteworthy information to me regarding the Civil Rights Act of 1964, specifically it's interpretation by a group justices in the Ledbetter case. Women and men should receive equal pay for the same work. Pay discrimination is wrong. This editorial seems to support my stance against pay discrimination.

I believe that F.D.A. reviews should be stringent and objective. This editorial provided new and noteworthy information on the approval of and problems with Avandia. I agree with the editorials writer that the F.D.A. should have "the power to demand adequate postmarketing studies and the resources to analyze the results"; that power would promote stringent reviews by the F.D.A.

Labor laws should not be employed unfairly. This editorial provided new and noteworthy information on the labor law as it pertains to home health workers. The stipulation that home health workers are not entitled to overtime pay is unfair and exploitative. The editorial calls for a reform of the labor law to include home health employees; this would promote fairness in labor laws and eliminate the exploitative practice of not paying home health employees for over time

This article provided me with new and noteworthy information on how powerful nations come together to financially attack the AIDS epidemic; specifically, the article provided support for my stance that the U.S. should use its wealth to combat poverty, disease, and social inequality-- in the case of this article, disease. 

I am for sustainable energy sources. This editorial put forward some new and noteworthy ideas on sources of sustainable energy

The editorial provided new and noteworthy information to me on the fate of an attempt immigration reform, the amendments, the failure to compromise. I believe comprehensive, just, fair, non-punitive immigration reform is needed and this editorial supports such reform. 

Tracking and accountability measures are important, especially with social service programs that often rely on grant funding or public funding. the programs must demonstrate their effectiveness. I am for tracking and accountability measures as were highlighted in the editorial. The systems in NY are new and noteworthy accountability and effectiveness measures

Should be one set date, and nothing short of a natural disaster would change that,

These are good moves for sure, but dealing with the backroom politics should be the number one priority. 

Passing bills to benefit the poor is not an easy process- necessary but never easy.

Connecticut should take this step.

Difference between "our" side and "their" side, is that we don't rape women, blow up children and otherwise terrorize other people.

Agreed. It won't hurt the higher ups to pay a little more on taxes.

Disagree. I believe it was the right move.

Guantanamo Bay detainees do not deserve the same rights as Americans.

Campaign reform is necessary, especially in NY.

The FDA could use some revamping.

Every case deserves the attention and justice it deserves.

The need to protect the waterfront, before it is too late.

I am against expansion and the explotation of land for "miniscule" gains. This editorial highlights a project would destroy a delicate ecosystem for miniscule gains and supports a compromise that would not involve as much disruption to the environment as the initial oil drilling plan would cause

FDA does need stricter regulations. 

NYC's phantom government does need to come to light. Then be immediately terminated. Americans deserve better.

Maybe she didn't earn the same size pay raises.

I am against criminalizing behavior in order to get rid of a perceived nuisance or inconvenience. This editorial portrayed news that is new and noteworthy to me on the proposed anti-loitering bill that would criminalize the behavior of immigrant day-laborers, behavior perceived as bothersome by some. The editorial suggests that the bill be rejected. This view supports my stance on criminalizing perceived nuisance or inconvenient behavior; I believe that should not be done

And we wonder why this country is ridiculously in debt.

I am for fair, open, transparent, and honest government practices free of impropriety or the look of impropriety. The party at night for campaign contributions and paying an elected official so the official will agree with you culture of lobbying protrayed in the editorial is new and noteworthy news to me. I support the call for reform as outlined in the editorial, in order to take steps towards government operations that are fair, open, transparent, and honest

The editorial provided new and noteworthy information to me regarding American troops' torture of prisons of war. I am against inhumane treatment. The editorial writer is apparently against the inhumane treatment and against the promotion of individuals in the military who were in charge of during the time of the torture. 

Let's hope leadership keeps up their support of these items.

Agreed. But starting the wall and tightening security is a great start,

I agree but would like to know more suggestions for regulations 

Building up shelters is a good start, but more needs to be done. Perhaps hiring agencies would be interested in a contract where they help find homeless jobs and in turn get them off the street and out of the shelters.

I agree, something more should be/ should have been done.

Precisely. Those meetings should come out in the open.

Completely opposed to drilling on any of rare nature areas left.

The bill is at least a good start in the right direction.

Does not seem fair to me, hence the reason I would be opposed to this move by the IRS.

AGREE completely. Accountability is key.

Agree. This type of money is nothing more than pay to win.

Repeat editorial...see response on initial

Yet another reason the funds, manpower and designs should be put to better use, elsewhere, away from NASA.

The information about the cost to rebuild wetlands and that assertion that should be part of a "comprehensive plan" to rebuild was new and noteworthy information to me and supports my stance to rebuild New Orleans, not just patchwork but a wholistic and comprehensive rebuild

The editorial supports my view that Iraq should be encouraged to stand on its own. The editorial writer presented new and noteworthy information, in the last paragraph of the editorial, on how that might be accomplished

I am against torture or inhumane treatment of prisoners. This editorial lists instances of torture at the hands of American soldiers, treatment that violated the Geneva Convention and American law according to the editorial,  that is new and noteworthy for me. 

The editorial supports my stance of dealing with underlying issues instead of criminalizing behavior that is perceived as a nuisance by some

Mr. Arar's case, how this has been handled by the American government, is new and noteworthy information to me. I believe a nation should admit when it is wrong. American looks wrong in this case and should admit it's wrong as the editorial writer recommends

I believe that a paper verification of voting is in order, especially given the problems with voting machines in the past. A paper trail would provide the voter verification that he or her vote was recorded accurately and reduce anxiety about foul-play. New and noteworthy to me was the proposed legislation to require paper records

Sometimes serious legislation that will significantly improve the lives of citizens do not get the attention and traction it needs to be implemented or enforced- irrespective of the passion of the politician that brings it to the table.

I support transparency in government operations. Allowing voters to receive a paper record that verifies the vote cast, promotes transparency. the editorial provided new and noteworthy information concerning conflict of interests between voting machine makers and the labs that are hired to by the voting machine makers to test the machines. Issues of transparency when voters are not informed of deficient machines where also highlighted in the editorial

Repeat editorial..please see comment to initial instance of editorial

Listed some concrete facts. 

Great structure and a topic that aggravates me very much. 

Success would best be had if all the parties on the same side of the issue stand together and not flinch.

The language of such a bill needs to be extremely specific 

The election process absolutely needs to be shortened 

Agree but nothing too mind blowingly new

Cleverly written. 

Good points but nothing that makes me argue more for it. 

I thought it brought a variety of good points. 

Very informative 

Just a greatly written article. 

I didn’t know that about Senator Graham. 

Facts and numbers about the failure of the American government in iraq continues 

Working sirens would be good. 

The editorial points out the inefficiencies that exist in the state operations and how they were left to happen over a long time.

pretty good editorial with some specific examples, although they were probably cherry-picked

The editorial points out that amidst all the inefficiencies and selfishness, there are those genuine politicians who have the interests of the ordinary citizen at heart.

Sometimes thinking outside the box is a good idea, especially if the box isn't working at all

good breakdown of law day and its importance

Agree but no concrete suggestions 

I agree with the writer - fix the problem that exists at home first before you go after trying to "bully" other countries into doing what you want them to.

Not every strategy will win an election - there comes a point indeed when people draw the line.

pretty good editorial about healthcare issues

pretty good editorial about spending priorities

Bills indeed will not get all the attention they deserve if they do not serve the interests of the deciding factions.

The issue of cronyism and conflicts of interest should be taken seriously. The editorial proposes just that, and uses examples such as unspecified dental clinics and youth centers as examples of phantom money in these so-called "007 accounts.";91;";";"2018-05-06 22:34:34.280344+02

The war effort on the ground was not very organised.

pretty good editorial about corporate international tax issues

Even within the medical fraternity, the incentive of high profits seem to take precedence over simply working for the people to improve their lives.

It is clear that the Bush administration does not have the care of the environment as a priority, but when backed in a corner, will put forward something to appease the populace.

Sometimes even good projects get shelved if they were the brainchild of another administration. 

The need to do the right thing sometimes only intensifies when the results of doing nothing (or the bad thing) has surfaced.

Some conutries will not be bullied into dping what the US dictates. When this happens, the US will find an alternate way to get them to listen.

Good arguments and good structure. 

I like this idea but need more convincing data

The reform of campaign financing whilst necessary, is not going to be an easy task. This editorial makes some good suggestions as to how it may be approached.

looks like a sensible plan to me....i think semi trucks already have to follow certain routes if they carry hazardous substances

A very good example of justice served.

if you've got a record like that you really should take yourself out of the running

There is no taming a tyrant.

It completely supports my view but adds little new things 

pretty good editorial

Protecting journalism and their sources is critical to democracy 

looks like there's some questions to answer in this area...

His tactics never worked so I don’t expect them to this time either 

The administration is not sold on the importance of environmental protection but is increasingly coming under pressure from interest groups and so feels the need to respond.

An idea such as this has to be clearly sanitised to view the pros and the cons before a decision such as this can be taken.

Corruption even in nations rich in resources always end in poverty for the masses. With poverty comes crime and a myriad of other social ills.

Religion has no spot in the courtroom. 

It makes sense that we should look after our most vunable citizens. 

Gun laws are seemingly so lax, but the level of protection around them makes it almost impossible for any tangible reform to take place.

There are enough cons with the proposed method to compel us to exercise caution. A controllled study however may be the way to go initially following a complete postmortem once completed.

With so much to be fixed in the electorial system, it is clear that it cannot be a partisan approach that will provide the solution to the problem.

Political priorities can be so wrong. The obvious real issues of the day often get brushed aside for the sake of placating the powerful and influential.

I agree with this editorial that judges and other members of the legislature should be paid commensurate to their level of responsibility. 

In order to being peace to the middle east, Israel has to do good to Palestine to make up for some of the past "sins" as well as discuss the contentious issue of Palestinian statehood in an open way.

Very good discussion on an important issue as retirement . It does a good job at showing the shortcomings of the Bush administration in dealing with the issue and how alternatives have emerged to deal with low and middle class earners.

He did what he had to do.

A beautiful start! It's refreshing to hear that the first punch in a long fight has been thrown. 

The White House should disclose all, because it seems as if it wasn't as innocent as they make out.

Everything in moderation.

It should not have taken that long, and the money should have been deeper. But it was a start.

This bill, although with good intentions fails to address all the key issues of environmental protection which it would require.

Precisely. It should be transitional, nonsectarian, and it should be Iraqi. If it is not, then the war was a failure. 

It should never have been that conplicated. Stem Cells did not all have to be sourced from embryos. 

NYC should be an example to all major USA cities, having them convert to alternative energy and fight emissions is a necessity if the United States wants to make the world a better place.

The issue of the environment and it's protection is so topical that any bill proposed to address it will attract lots of debate. Also, one bill will not be able to deal with all the spillover effects of industry on the environment.

Isreal is doing most things right in creating an atmosphere for peace between itself and Palestine. However the decision to create new settlements in the West bank is a step in the wrong direction and has the potential to undo all the positive steps already made.

Political cronyism is obviously playing out with the incumbent having no qualms as to the appearance of it. The problem is that it is allowed to continue almost unabated.

Legislators sometimes take their cues from the federal government, and the lukewarm nature that the Bush administration has embraced the whole issue of environmental preservation has certainly had its effects.

Agreed. Law enforcement should not be held at the mercy of the naysayers. As long as due process is followed and there is transparency in carrying out of their duties, all hail to the law enforcement team for these kinds of crack downs.

Nature indeed has to find some natural balance, but legislation has to support the effort of exploitation by human activity on the environment. This editorial highlights this very well.

You cannot exclude kids from an important a resource such as the library simply because of behaviour typical of students that age. Are teachers to close schools when these same students get noisy in class? The steps taken to review the situation and address them are a step in the right direction.

i agree with the editorial that preferential rate for capital gains is excessive and provides an unfair tax advantage for those who benefit. Giving preference of one income type is counterproductive. 

Politics is indeed always messy and politicians seem to thrive on instances where there is not enough time to have certain bills passed without all the reviews required done. 

Whilst the editorial admits that it does not have the solution to saving the hospital, it does provide some good recommendations as to how the solution may be approached. 

Libraries and the resources that they provide are too important to the future for them to be the subject of such severe cuts in funding. If required private partnership needs to come on board but the libraries need to be opened for the future's sake.

Journalists act as auditors on behalf of the people and the shield law acts as their protection. This should be protected.

New Orleans was indeed almost neglected after Katrina. The government bureaucracy caused millions to live in dire conditions long after they needed to. The Bush administration, as highlighted here, really messed up on this one.

The day labour situation is indeed a lack of federal and state governments to deal with the issue of illegal immigrants.

Tragedies such as these need to be treated with urgency by the law enforcement officials. They are too important to race relations and police/civilian relations not to be. 

Workers rights should always be protected. Discrimination of any kind has no place in the workplace and this should always be upheld. 

Agreed completely.

Indeed, if politicians were able to put aside selfish ambitions in times of greatest adversity and ban together for the public's good, this country would be a much better place! This editorial shows this quite clearly.

I agree, solve the problem first, worry about the philosophical debate later. Or not at all.

I totally agree with this stance. The existing members who turned a blind eye in this case should be held accountable. As well, the stage should be set so that others do not believe this type of behavior to be ever acceptable or not subject to severe sanction - the fullest extent of the law.

I do not believe terrorists have the same rights as innocent people. To put them on the same playing field like that is disturbing.

This bill, the BBBB is a great bill, and a step in the right direction.

It is nice to see the big wigs act like normal people. 

Whilst I disagree with the editorial on several accounts, the main theme of the discussion - whether breast feeding mothers should be compelled to breast feed - I agree with. This should be a matter of the mothers choice and not enforceable through regulation.

Any action to help the environment is a good action, and should recieve little to no resistance.

I support this idea. Increase the voters confidence that their votes matter.

It should not be secret from the voters. We deserve to know.

A lot of the evils taking place in Iraq are US influenced.

I do not think the gas prices are rigged. However cutting back on gasoline in lieu of alternative fuels is a positive step.

All of these bills would be beneficial to the people of this country.

It is the truth. If there are not actions taken now to preserve what is left of the open land, there may not be any for future generations.

The system should not be bullied or threatened by politicians or persons of influence to rule in their favour or along their policy lines.

Finance limits are a step towards true elections, not bought elections.

We should be involved more in these debates.

The Bush administration indeed implemented some shortsighted measures to fund and continue the war in Iraq and to protect the tax interests of the wealthy.

Social services is too important a service to ignore from the federal level. It indeed needs to be revamped and funded well.

Even in instances of apparent threat to national security, the rules of law still need to be exercised as far as it can be. Excesses should be avoided as these can come back to haunt and embarrass a great nation.

