I feel like we should be helping the poor, but it seems more like we are supporting people who rape and kill because we don’t agree with them. I could be reading that wrong. I think my belief that we should help the poor and that we should worry about us f (...)

Could it possibly be that this area is so safe and free of gangs etc because the police are well paid and the best are coming to the community to work because they know the pay matches the service they provide? I usually agree some professions are over pri (...)

I have usually been on the side of open trade with everyone for the relationships it builds. But after reading about Canada's inability to verify their meat as safe, I can understand the need to reconsider open boarder policy. 

I have never thought of any thing with the word bank in its name as providing any good to anyone, especially not someone poor. Reading that the bank has done good around the world is surprising and inspiring, if not confusing and curious. 

This editorial put a lot of emphasis on cutting medicaid and i think that is a horrible idea. I don't see how anyone could afford any significant medical expenses without assistance. If medicaid is to be cut the insurance companies need to be restructured  (...)

While i agree that there needs to be someway to increase the minority numbers in so many different fields I worry for a field such as police work that in my mind seems like such an old boys club, that those who would enter on the plan in article would be s (...)

I was not previously aware of the levels of mismanagement in the U.N., I’ve always supported the US involvement with the U.N. but this brings up interesting points about its internal issues. 

I wasn’t aware that there was any form of affordable housing action going on in that area of NYC so this challenged my belief that they weren’t making any efforts.  

Private support can be a good thing, as mentioned in the library editorial, but I still don't believe private funding is the answer to many issues. 

I drive a pickup, which doesn't get the best MPG. But, I need it for work. So I have little to no choice in the matter.

I had not thought of it that way, but it makes sense. To start national savings however, one needs to be closer to being out of debt.

Protection is important. Having the ability to use satellites in war time would be a good idea, but working to prevent the war all together would be better in my opinion. 

While I understand the need for prisoner privacy and am sensitive to public safety concerns, a revenue-generating program with large public appeal might be worth the potential problems.

While I support affordable housing, especially in expensive metro areas like New York, it is unfortunate that the shape such initiatives can take have the potential to mirror prejudices which exist in certain communities.

I feel that most monies should go to fixing and helping those in America as we are currently not to so great, but after reading we only offer such as small amount to help, when so much is going to other unnecessary things I am reconsidering.

While it is known that there were people who ignored the warnings, I didn't realize that it was all the intelligence agencies.

While I support a global view of justice in the international arena, in cases of murder, there is much gray area. One interesting aspect of the case that the writer brought up is that of reciprocity: Americans abroad would be less safe, as well. On the oth (...)

While I support stem cell research, there is a reasonable opposition to it. Navigating the issue of using public money to fund it is difficult and does not lend itself well to hyper-partisan interpretations of ethical responsibility.

While I support stem cell research, there is reasonable opposition to it, as well. Navigating the use of public funds does not lend itself well to hyper-partisan ethical arguments. Sheldon Silver's approach seems to strike a useful balance between public a (...)

I remember hating the idea of the West side development. -- and I hate the way it looks now. This makes me think that the plan wasn't all bad. 

This is new to me and interesting. I thought I knew about the problems in slaughterhouses but hadn't thought about the worker's treatment. 

Emergency management is crucial, especially in a large metro area like New York. That there is interdepartmental conflict is not surprising. While I personally tend to endorse and encourage public sector solutions, this editorial illustrates what can happe (...)

I support gay marriage and remember thinking that Bloomberg was too slow to take a stance... but this article made me think. Sometimes issues are used for grandstanding.

I've always knew that they were gray areas in the Saudi oil trades especially when it comes with the possible ties with terrorism. But I've never really believe it until reading this article.

I disagree with an intrusive surveillance state, but this editorial brings up a great point: not only are symbolic points like the World Trade Center or the Pentagon at risk, and not only human transport, but also chemical transport is vulnerable. This is  (...)

I tend to have an idealized idea of California in my head so it’s challenging to me to read about corruption in their politics especially because family members of mine with whom I disagree with politically are always criticizing California. But this doesn (...)

While I think governmental abuses of power are a awful thing, this editorial has me wondering if non-US citizens even have constitutional rights as stated in the US Constitution. 

I guess I don’t trust the media enough to change my position on anything but I am really starting to see how uninformed I was back then. I thought we were fighting for good.

Well, first Off, where is the money he’s getting for this charity going? Second, this writer seems made that he’s asking for less every year but since they give him less why should he ask for more? Ugh politicians are crooks.

It's great for states to have ethic laws to stop employees from abusing their power. However, I don't think it's a great idea to try to charge former employees who have resigned with ethic violations if what they did is not a criminal act.

While it is sad that innocent people die in war, how could soldiers know who's an innocent civilian and who's their target. While the army can improve knowing who's who, there really isn't a fool proof plan that both protects innocent people and soldiers.

I would typically believe that poor control over public spending would be the reason why a building such as this library is not repaired but it appears that they may be political motives behind allowing this building to crumble.

There are many things that New York could have done over the years to prevent the creeping gentrification of Manhattan, but successive administrations have done nothing or little to address the problem.  

This editorial, for the most part, supports my stance in that some officials will give special treatments to some companies over others. While it's true that it's unfair, this editorial fails to mention how a possible Jet's stadium can actually help the ec (...)

Since I really have no stance on this issue, it was easy for the editorial to challenge me as how will this person know that this legislation will work. Iowa and New York are completely different states, just because something worked in one, doesn't mean i (...)

My stance on this issue is that piracy only hurts people if their product is terrible and that the entertainment industry is stuck in the past when it comes to the internet.  This editorial challenged my stance in that piracy can hurt small time creators b (...)

It's stupid to tax junk food and people should be able to make their own decisions on their eating habits. While it's true that obesity is a problem and their should be more done to help solve it, taxing junk food is just going to make it seem more desirab (...)

While I think that illegal immigrants and people on any terrorist watch list shouldn't be able to buy firearms, I don't think that manufacturers and sellers should be liable when a gun crime happens. As the manufacturers and sellers didn't commit any crime (...)

Like most people, I didn't know that you can OD on liquids. Now that I know this, I should be probably look up ways to improve my sodium levels if I do any extreme work outs like running a marathon.

While I think we should more to help AIDS and women who are forced into sex work in third world countries, I don't know if just giving money is a long term solution especially since the editorial never explain how the group helps fights AIDS nor does discl (...)

Pataki has a reputation as a moderate, but I did not know that he ran as a pro-choice Republican. I agree with this editorial that it is smarter politics to approve access to the emergency contraceptive rather than oppose it.

I would have said that we should leave Pluto as a  planet, but this made me hesitate a bit.

While I am keenly aware of Republican obstructionism, this editorial made me rethink the partisan cheerleading that accompanies many nominees. Harriet Miers' nomination may have been more about politics than legal qualifications from the Democratic perspec (...)

The issue of agricultural subsidies is complex. As Amorim points out, they can hurt emerging and low-income countries but at the same time, do provide a boon to rich country economies. The EU/American negotiations may be of little consequence to Brazil in  (...)

Cleaning the environment is another huge problem that will only be solved by regulations which properly balance corporate and public interests.

I wouldn't say it changed me from pro to con, but it took me from "who cares" to con. The author made some very good points about the messages we send when we mistreat people and disguise it as entertainment.

The editorial showed through very specific examples how in an established Senate/Legislature such as NYC there are those issues that one would expect to be the case only in smaller states. It was compelling because not only was the opinion purported, but i (...)

While officials should answer concerns that the public might have about the stadium, I disagree with the editorial as a whole. The stadium is good for local economy especially during football season as it brings people to the area.

The support from conservative Western politicians in opposing laws that open up potential private raids on public lands is encouraging and is a reminder not to paint each side of the aisle with broad strokes. The Gibbons-Pombo provision demonstrates that.

While there are some scientific data to back up the editorial claims, there are also data that dismisses the claim made in the editorial such as it seems that the dates for the claims keep moving up. Because of this, I don't know which data is true or whic (...)

This editorial was meant to criticize Schwarzenegger but actually made me understand his position better. I still don't like it,  but it's understandablem

I always thought the fuss about voter ID laws was overblown. I didn't realize there was nowhere to buy the ID in Atlanta -- that makes me rethink my position.

I think in certain areas in the country there are activist judges. I don't think that activist judges are necessarily a bad thing, but I think they should be checked to make sure they don't put their personal politics don't cloud their judgement. Both the  (...)

While I am typically in favor of large public coffers, pork barrel spending like the kind the FOIA request revealed is one of the unfortunate downsides. 

It made me think differently about how the process operates in larger states such as NYC. The assumption for me was that larger states were more organised and as a result would not be subject to the same issues as the smaller states. This piece provided th (...)

I thought Bush was a good President but I feel like nothing I have read so far backs that claim.

Generally I think it should be difficult to get a divorce. The statistics about violence against women did make me rethink though.

I hate eminent domain, and this article didn't fully change my view. But it did remind me that this is a complex issue.

I'm usually against spraying chemicals, but this made a pretty good case for using them to fight ticks.

I love this idea and hadn't heard it before.

I would normally side with the unions but this article raised some good points about the need for reforms. 

While I agree with the author that more needs to be done about helping the third world.But I don't think just giving money is going to help in the long run, especially since the US government doesn't even do enough to help those in need in the US.

It's interesting how leaders, and people everywhere for that matter, sometimes make rash decisions then scramble for ways to support them

While the editorial makes an compelling argument that notifying parents can do more than good, it's important to remember that parents should have a say in their teenage daughter's health. Teenagers are not adults and their parents should be notify if thei (...)

You cannot address part of a problem, declare victory, and move on.

I disagree with this entire editorial. US does enough with limiting greenhouse gases as the information involving greenhouse gasses is iffy at best. Even if one thinks greenhouse gas information is all true, India and China are going through rapid industri (...)

Who has a Game Boy anymore? You can get them at flea markets for fifty cents lol. But seriously folks. The best point in this editorial was that if you're gonna tax Oreos you also need to tax crème brûlée. It's an equal protection under the law thing

Once shools start to go bad, a radical solution is probably in order. The problem gets real bad real fast.

How is the government fighting helping people who are sick? It doesn’t look like it’s punit to anyone because no one could have known when this stuff was put everywhere that this was going to happen. Just help the people who got sick from it.

While I think that internet should be neutral and free, I disagree with net neutrality laws. The government has shown time and time again that it is highly incompetent with the internet (and that special interest groups tend to donate to congress members c (...)

Maybe the risks in space travel are a little more worthwhile than I thought...

I honestly did not have much information about this topic so it really made me rethink my views on this. It appears to me that Iraq needs to be independent of Iran for the benefit of their people. 

I feel that this article outlines that Bush is willing to instate a more humane way to treat illegal immigrants in our country and I agree that his conservative friends should support him in this.  I also agree that a handful of people that sneak in may be (...)

I agree with the Iraqi people and how they should fight in a political arena versus civil war and violence. I also agree with the idea the Iraqi should work to become more independent and not depend on the American military.

Americans should be kept secure wherever they are by the government.

The repeal of federal estate tax should not happen if we are to maintain sound tax policies.

We all want to stay healthy and active. Having a thin waistline will help us work better and achieve more.

I feel that Mr. Blair had a much better plan for Africa than the US including President Bush. I think the combination of providing aid to them along with helping them realize that they need to make better financial decisions leads to the best outcome for t (...)

I agree with the idea that a law can't be changed for one person; however, I do feel that her parents should have the right to make their own decisions regarding their daughter's medical care. 

I agree that this tax opens a door that could potentially be hard to close. While I agree that childhood obesity is a serious issue, I feel that this tax isn't the answer to this problem. 

I always thought that athletes and marathon runners were more at risk for dehydration than for drinking too much water. I also thought that Gatorade contained sodium along with electrolytes so it is definitely puzzling to me on how this could be so harmful (...)

While I think that it's important for everyone to vote whether its in person or by absentee ballot, I disagree with this editorial. Because the people who were forced into exile by Katrina do not know if or when they will move back to New Orleans, I think  (...)

While it's true that it would be nice for everyone to have health care, the government -- state or national -- shouldn't violate their citizens personal freedoms. First of all, how is the state going to pay for all of this. Also who is writing this law: in (...)

While it's sad that day laborers are treated poorly by some, these day laborers still have to follow the law of the area they are located. They cannot just loiter in buildings at night or pee in the street as these things are frowned upon and/or illegal.

While I agree that schools should have good principals, the editorial doesn't address problems that many educators might have in these position. These things include horrible teachers who cannot be removed due to tenure and a focus on test scores instead o (...)

The husband knew her wife very well. However, if she could survive through the feeding tube, they wouldn't have removed it.

Nuclear weapons are dangerous. They destroy our planet and thus should not even be created in the first place

Global warming gases should be kept at bay to improve the environment

I think that this bill would be great and would really help the citizens of New York

I think it's great that the state of New Jersey is trying to close their deficit however I disagree with the editorial over the regards of poor people. In fact, I think the editorial is hiding facts as it never states how much the new sales tax is, so you  (...)

I think that this is great that these two people can come together to try to improve things for the citizens

While I do think that Americans tend to like bigger things, but I disagree with this editorial. I think that the bigger is better movement is a trend, and eventually the big cars and big houses will be out of style.

Searching people before allowing them in to crowded and potentially dangerous areas is an important part of keeping people safe in our world today. Also, we need to limit people abilities to get these weapons. The easier it is to get the weapons the worse  (...)

I am among those that feel Pluto is and should remain a part of the solar system as a planet. But this article challenged me because of how planet is defined. 

While I don't think that charter schools are necessarily better than public schools, I disagree with this editorial in that the No Child Left Behind Act was a great idea in practice. But in reality the act was terrible.

While I think that North Korea does not need nuclear weapons, I disagree with the editorial on how to disarm North Korea. I don't think being a diplomatic will work.

The editorial provided for me a clearer view as to why the factors inside Iraq may be a more powerful force to deal with as it relates to the political climate of the day than the external factors.

I generally believe we need to stay out of other countries affairs, but it’s nice to see them benefiting from having other countries step in to help them lay the ground work to a more peaceful life. 

I honestly believed that DNA evidence was 99.99% accurate. I had no idea that the person conducting the testing could affect the results of this test. 

The editorial made me rethink my original position that the US was caught off guard with the events of 9/11. It also uncovers the inefficient and bureaucratic processes that exist in the CIA.

It is almost appalling to think that American leaders can display such arrogance and gross trivializing in the wake of such a delicate and controversial public and emotional issue - one that borders on gross human rights abuses, for which this same nation  (...)

Even the very name of the Bank is in opposition to the presidential selection process that it engages in, as put forward by the editorial. One often holds the view that these very visible, public and world renowned bodies would be subject to the scrutiny o (...)

The windfall tax would be a good thing if it could make movement towards other fuels besides oil. Those big companies do not need a tax break or a bailout. 

The editorial by showing the changes taking place, is uncovering the undemocratic nature in which large, organised state legislatures and other government bodies are run.

I honestly don’t believe that living on tubes and ventilators is any way to live, I also feel like in this case the Bush administration did not overstep. The case was brought to them by tpeople who live in this country and like a parent the told the state  (...)

It’s not a bad idea. Make crap more expensive and people would be less likely to purchase it. Make good quality food cheaper and people would eat healthier. It’s cheaper to buy a Twinkie than it is to buy a salad. 

My thought is that soldiers shouldn't arbritrarily engage because of the loss of human lives. This editorial stresses this sentiment but from the point of the psychological effect on the American soldier.

I feel like in this day and age these things shouldn’t be an issue. People should be able to have their beliefs without pushing them on to each other. The schools need to be more selective in who they have for teachers as well. 

I had no idea about this. I had always believed that you were suppossd to stay hydrated. This is definitely prompting further research. 

I guess we are all interconnected...

I fully support anyone who is gay. However, if you’re gay why would you want to attend a school that is religion based? Neither should be forcing their beliefs on the other. 

Sometimes its just time to move on...

Its not always easy to draw the line between realpolitik and selling your soul

Very interesting....some new facts I didn't know...

The plan of the Freedom Tower can be a difficult topic to cover since 9/11 and the World Trade Center can be such an emotional topic for our country. I think it has to be built in order to honor those who lost their lives but still remain a tower built to  (...)

I feel that all of the families should be heard in terms of building this tower. However, I do agree that it is too hard to appease everyone and no matter what not every family would be happy with the final design of the tower. 

For the sake of this country, I would hope this leader works to bring justice to those who have been unjustly accused of crimes. 

I do feel that the people of Louisiana should have been given the money that they were entitled to in the wake of this devastating natural disaster. However, since the Army Corps had been receiving that kind of money maybe there should be some oversight on (...)

If Bush vowed to try and jump start their economy and vow to end racial financial inequalities, why is he not going through with what he stated he was going to do?

While I agree the things happening in Nigeria are not good, I have trouble with the idea that it is Pres. Bush responsibility to inform the leaders that he should/shouldnt do anything. It seems presumptuous to think that Nigerias Pres. will listen to anyth (...)

As Americans, we look to our government to accurately inform us on all issues. Clearly, they did not find weapons of mass destruction as they had told the American people they would. As a Democrat though, they never should have approved a political deal an (...)

I feel that it does appear the Bush had done more for Africa than Clinton; however, I feel that he should be doing more and torture at American prisons definitely should be banned and that should be enforced. 

I don't feel that one could always assume that a large margin of victory equates to a politician that doesn't work hard enough for the people. However, I agree with the article when it points out that politicians with more money should not be the winner. T (...)

I tend to feel that America should tend to its own people first and foremost. But in this situation I feel it is important to encourage Hamas to accept the ground rules already accepted by Egypt etc. Again, I think encouragement should be in a positive way (...)

I do believe we need to have the upper hand in weapons but this seems expensive and kind of silly.

I feel like we should be helping more

Umm. PBS Kids is all we let our son watch at this stage so this is confusing to me.

Medical marijuana would do more.

This didn’t work so well.

I don’t understand why they were having to watch themselves for anything in the name of public safety.

My view has always been that not even auditors are to be be given a free hand with public funds as is being suggested in this editorial. Additionally, thieves in my view, will by their nature, spring up anywhere - not only in areas of affluence. This has b (...)

This article appears to be quite old, although there is a lot of cheaply produced meat in the US, there is also a lot of organic/free range/ethically sourced meat available.  It is a matter of economics.

I knew nothing about Spano before reading this article.

I have never known government to be open or transparent about anything.

I actually thought pensions were like little nest eggs of money that employers set aside. I had no idea it had anything to do with investments. 

I was always of the view that certain state contracts (especially those of particular values) had to stand up to scrutiny and would not be made to be completed unless the process was deemed to be fair and ethical - offering the same information and opportu (...)

With the entire industry at risk, any large scale testing would be at risk of hidden results should infected cattle be found.

In my opinion Justice Scalia was one of the best supporters and defenders of the constitution until his death.

I had previously been opposed to higher tech voting machines because i think the concept of voter fraud is way exaggerated but this article brought up good points about the security of the machines. 

I am not knowledgeable on how the MoMA and Library is funded, but these artworks should remain in public hands and concessions from the state or federal government should assure this.

I was skeptical of mad cow disease being as much of a threat as this article states. 

I thought Arnold was a Democrat and why is gay marriage such a big deal?! We have always had bigger fish to fry.

Any form of income tax is unfair, rather than taxing the people, the corporations should be taxed efficiently based on global revenue and teh working man, whether rich or poor, should not be burdened with taxation.

I had no idea we engaged in chemical warfare. This just kind of crushed my spirit.

I personally don't like publicly funded TV. Many programs are often sold worldwide, but the money raised from such sales only props up these mis-managed institutions.

I don't believe that the creation of the National Security Service has benefited the peace or security of the US.

This challenged my views because it painted Bush in a compassionate light and provided support for the Real ID bill which I think is a waste of time and resources. 

It’s hard to go from an F to an A like that. Something doesn’t seem right with this. I feel like maybe something isn’t reading right for me,

I was unaware of Gov Warner's program but it is an interesting alternative to the standard imposing of tariffs.

If convicted of a felony you can’t even vote so I don’t understand what this has to do with voting.

I feel like we need to make this process a bit more flexible. I don’t like illegal immigrants coming here anymore than the next guy, but if the channel to legalization is this difficult...but I still disagree with it because it’s illegal. 

It was his land, but we need to be able to grow food.

We pay for a recycling bin. I actually tried saving glass bottles, things I would get a bit back for in California, and such and that doesn’t happen in Texas. I asked around and people would recycle more if there were some sort of financial incentive but r (...)

I just answered this 

This is the third time this article has come through.

Ummm. I don’t know if it challenged a stance, but when I’m old do not put me on a college campus. I live in a college town at 35 and get cranky.

I had assumed US/China relations were stable.

I think the best idea here is to train teachers! Fund that and fund schools. Stop teaching tests so kids can learn skills.

Pointless rhetoric of almost two decades ago and the Taliban and US forces continue to battle.

Inmates' families already support the prison system through their taxes, makes the assumption that the inmate's family pay taxes.  It's the taxes that all society pays that supports the prison system and it is crimes against this society that has caused th (...)

I wasn't previously aware of this.

I have mixed feelings on this subject. I agree that it is important to help out needy people around the world but i also feel like it’s more important to take care of domestic issues first. This article challenges my ideas by illustrating how little the US (...)

I had felt that after 9/11 the Bush administration went way overboard with excessive security measures. I was not aware there were still so many holes. 

I was aware of the failure, but I was not aware that the Corps of Engineers had been blamed.

The government should have helped the people in the wake of Katrina, however, there is no reason why any tax code needed to be changed, poor fiscal management is the reason why there isn't adequate reserves in such cases and these should be addressed.

The laws are so confusing how are immigrants supposed to change their status?

It challenges me that medicine is run like a business 

Political relations with China are far beyond my comprehension.

very worrying.

I felt like after the London bombings and after 9/11 there were excessive security measures already taken. 

I wasn't ware of this and if this has not been taken care of, it should be.

In the military we didn’t get to store time like that. State employees here do though and that seems a little uneven.

I’m not generally for unions but this does prompt more research to see how this has progressed. It seems to me like there are more jobs now than what there were years ago. 

I guess they are trying and statistics are misleading, but I still feel like the system is broken.

I guess I feel like compromise with those who don’t real want to compromise leads to false promises.

But he is a brash entrepreneur. Did it ever actually get done?

I feel like this docket is diverse enough to be spread out over days and not hours. But that’s just me.

I hadn’t totally understood the reasoning for including or not including Pluto. I wanted Pluto to be a planet cause i learned it that way as a kid but thi sarticle made me understand better why it’s better off not on the list. 

I generally disagree with the US becoming any more involved with Afghanistan than it already is as this article suggests. 

It almost seems like a lesser of two evils endorsement.

Previously I would have thought collecting phone call costs to pay for other services was a good source of earned income for prison programs but this article makes a great point about why taxing phone calls is unfair. 

This article challenges my opinions of the U.N.  

How did she even get in office?

Who thought it was a good idea to divide the country into three ethnic regions? Seriously?

Well, I guess making public what the CIA could and could not do maybe kept some prisoners from worse things. I don’t agree with torture because I wouldn’t want it visited on me or those I love. And again false information is not good information.

He didn’t pass the bar? Seriously?! And the president is pushing this guy?!

If what they are saying is true, then I’m wrong about things, but it’s an editorial piece. I keep,forgetting that these are editorial 

Okay, but to meet the percentage, you are Making members of one race a quota.

I seriously, I guess stupidly, would mot have thought FRESH produce needed regulation.

Well, when you put a tug at your heart strings twist on it, it does stink how much they have to pay to call home. However, it funds the prison so it isn’t a kickback. Also they committed a crime.

There is no denying that our justice system seriously needs revamped. But it’s truly disgusting when some how the power to use thier racial differences to wrongfully convict someone or attempt to strip them of their rights to habeas corpus.  

I didn’t know about this and it’s prompting more research. I feel like this would be hard for the government to monitor. 

Indeed, I had thought that the only way to take care of this problem was a cull.

The Palestinian situation is too complex for a short article such as this, however, why is no one calling on Israel to make concessions?

Unionized state workers need to lear to live in the real world.  No one in the private sector gets away with this.

It made me reflect on the various reality shows that I enjoy watching. 

It challenged my views that the Americans are able to satisfy multiple ethnicities in Iraq. 

Pataki was an instrument for some good but in the end, like the others he serves his own agenda.  He says one thing and does another.

I believe that if you enter the show, you know you run the risk of being humiliated.  I think if you enter you have a hard shell already.  This makes humiliation more real and makes me think about what the judges are doing at least.

Bush's belief WHY they should stick to the original timetable makes sense although it doesn't seem it will help the Sunnis much.  It validates the sense of democracy and actually does give Sunnis elsewhere the opportunity to limit the damage and feel empow (...)

I believe that all of the security measures after 9/11 were overkill but this article brings up some really good points. However, I still think that it’s all paranoia. 

This article provided a lot of new information on the economic interdependence of oil and other energy companies. I’m not totally sure how I feel about it and this article brought even new information and questions. 

I didn’t realize that the torture ban laws had come with so many negative consequences as well. 

Education is the last thing that should be frozen when it comes to funding. I do understand that they may not have used the funds appropriately but education should come before more frivolous projects. 

I generally believe that investors are responsible for the investments they make. If investments don't pan out its because investors did not do their due diligence on the management of the company. The article made me reconsider this point of view slightly (...)

The Stadium deal was good and should have been built regardless of the Olympics. The editorial brings information to light about the process of its building and financing that challenge my previously held assertion but does not change my stance. 

I hold that gentrification is a positive for neighborhoods though it displaces some of the people already living there. The editorial brings to light some of the racial components that I had not previously considered. It still does not change my previous a (...)

I actually think that the Imams words should not have been protected under free speech because he is a government employee speaking with influence so I don’t think that’s a good example of Bloomberg’s free speech. 

Maybe tax cuts are a good idea after all...

I oppose eminent domain in all ways but this was an interesting example of positive use of eminent domain. 

The editorial presented government regulation of the pharmaceutical industry in a positive light shining on how it can protect patients and doctors. Normally I see this as hindering competition and elevating the cost of medication. Seeing it from a differe (...)

I did not know that New Jersey had a lower tax than other states, i previously would have supported the abolition of full service gas stations based on cost savings. 

I generally see the privatization of Social Security as a good thing. The editorial presents some challenges I had not considered before. I still believe, however, that the positives of privatization outweigh its negative aspects. 

This both challenged and reinforced my beliefs in different ways but I chose challenge because I did not know that the HUD was so corrupt. 

Pretty good point about being able to support Israel without giving its leaders carte Blanche

I disagree and believe the US should in fact walk away. 

I disagree hat the proposed solution is viable for tackling financial problems. 

I am against late-term abortions, but I do not like the clearly egregious violation of Mr. Kline and his intentions. Though I still maintain my stance this type of action makes me very anxious. 

In some ways I have been opposed to the No Child Left Behind Movement. Reading this editorial made me reconsider the relationship between reading scores and abilities and the use of the No Child Left Behind Law. 

The article reinforced my position that privatization of prisons is not good. It did, however, challenge my notion of not providing public medical aid to prisoners. These are not capable of purchasing their own healthcare and their diseases have externalit (...)

I’m always appalled when people lose their houses. However when put as an action in the best interest of said city, it makes sense. 

The editorial advocated for government action in curtailing electricity use. Though the article pointed out the amazing growth of the use of power I don't think the right way to go about it is for the government to ration electricity. I liked the idea of a (...)

I am in general against taxes and have never had a really strong opinion on estate taxes. Prior to this article, I'd say I was against the estate tax but now it makes sense especially considering the low effective tax rate of only 20%. Maybe when we have a (...)

I do feel that a woman has rights to her body and should be given the right to an abortion if she feels that is the right choice for her. However, I do struggle with the thought that a teenager needs her parent's consent to have one. I feel it would depend (...)

9/11 was such a traumatic event for our country so I feel that the Patriot Act was enacted for greater security. However, I do not feel the US should have the ability to subpoena such information for some because i feel their rights are being violated. 

I don’t believe it at all.  I too believe it was whitewashed to quelch fear and hysteria. 

Cutting spending is important, but these people worked for that time off and vacations days and if there is nothing against them cashing them out then they should be able too. It is a situation where the law needs to come in and say from X point in time no (...)

I do agree that contaminated stormwater getting mixed with drinking water is the more pressing issue in this article. I also don't feel that the  Department of Environmental Protection should be bending rules. 

I feel that everyone should have the right to health insurance but the costs at times can be staggering. I feel that Massachusetts has a good plan; however, to say that a younger person would have less prescribed benefits is troubling. I have a child with  (...)

I don't feel it is fair that the workers received penalties for the strike when they were doing it on the guidance of their leader. I understand obviously, the loss of wages for the time when they walked out is understandable. I do feel that they should ac (...)

I do feel it is important to have farmland and I understand how it can be harmful to have too many deer. There definitely seems to be more of a balance in the food chain.

I do feel the easiest way to balance the budget is the easiest way and it should be by increasing the sales tax. 

It definitely appears to be a problem that is not an easy one to answer. It does seem like each borough should be responsible for its own trash, but recycling also needs to be reviewed too. 

The incentives and penalties provides motivation for schools, districts, and states to manipulate test results and there are suggestions that this happens.

John Bolton was a contencious nomination, given is views on the UN, however, he was nominated again and didn't leave the post until he resigned.  Many of his critics changed their minds.

Nothing has changed.

This is wrong. You should be able to gather whatever information that you want about the schools that you are sending your children to. I dont understand why everyone is always so sneaky.

I disagree that pressure and promise is the best route. If it hasn't been working previously, then why would the editorial consider it a gainful approach. 

I’m of the belief that too many people claim bankruptcy.  It was interesting and enlightening to learn that those who do are more often than not surviving some life loss.  

I was unaware that aid was unregulated in such a way that colleges were abusing funds.  I believe we need more access to aid, but the need for regulation is obvious. 

I was not an advocate of Common Core until I read this. This is shameful and makes Common Core necessary to ensure that no state is shortchanging our students. 

I have previously felt that the zoning for pedophiles helped to keep law enforcement aware of their location, but this editorial suggested otherwise. This editorial definitely challenged my opinion of zoning sexual offenders. 

Yep, that worked out well...

I had no idea that Rotary clubs were so involved in a public health issue.  Nice job. 

It challenges my beliefs.  I do not think  it is fair for the government to take privately owned land and give it over to other private domains. 

I disagree - more police is not the solution.  Better police is the solution. 

This article definitely challenged my beliefs and thoughts on this issue. If Mayor John Fabrizi had used drugs prior to office, I don't feel he should be punished if he has addressed the substance abuse issues and put them behind him. However, since he adm (...)

This article makes a case for no child left behind but I do not and did not support NCLB at all. And now in hindsight we can all see that it failed so this article did not change my opinion. 

While I agree with the articles declarations of the incompetence of congress, I disagree with its main suggestions of fixing this bill which I thought should be scrapped entirely. 

I am normally in support of unions as I feel they are absolutely necessary - but they might have overstepped their purpose here.

I was always of the view that you could die from drinking too little water. Water is a good thing, so there is no such thing as too much of a good thing - has been the popular belief. This editorial certainly challenged this perspective

Especially in liberal states such as NY, I was of the view that these issues of sexuality were not an issue

How can a system that has the ultimate punishment of death, the finality of death, be riddled with such errors?

Whilst the programme should seek to help all persons diagnosed with AIDS, it's policy should reflect the views of its mandate to prevent its spreading. I am of the view that not all interests will be served or satisfied irrespective of the position that is (...)

I feel that it is one's right to build a house whatever size they want: however, I do feel that in today's age too many people are building obnoxious sized houses which truly aren't necessary to live in.

 Paterson National Park could be a hinderance to the city if politicians get involved and start dealing with the financial aspect of it. however, it is important to preserve the old mills and homes. 

One would think the Democrats would be more open but the opposite occurred here.

I believe in helping those in need but I do see how people can take advantage of that.

I think primaries are also often pointless - but I understand the public deserves a choice. 

This is not anti-integration, anything based or race, whether positive or negative is wrong.

Generally I am against raising the rates such as this, but it seems to be a positive step forward in helping the general public.

I am not against gambling and although it presented the misery of gamblers and lives affected, my stance is not affected. 

I believe that terrorists in name do not deserve the rights of our citizens. I agree with Bush. However this editorial raises concerns about Bush overstepping it’s power. 

People did not like Bush but I thought he protected our country well after 9/11.  This editorial sets out to prove that Bush was incapable of leadership in the Middle East. 

I believe that alleged terrorists do not have the same rights as us, however this brings to the forefront the mistreatment of those who are wrongly accused. 

I actually was against Hillary skipping out of her last two years as senator - I think one should not run when knowing they intend to quit. 

I believe that our armed forces should have whatever they need but this explains that there are extraneous costs. 

This editorial shows the olive branch was extended but rebuffed by Israel. Rice should continue talks with Israel. 

I’m hesitant about this vaccine.  It presents some statistics in support of the vaccine. 

I believe in free speech but having worked with young children, I don’t think it’s unreasonable to ask the girls not to use that word for an evening. However I get and support 1st amendment rights. 

My notion has always been that being overweight is unhealthy independently of how overweight one person is. Clearly, there is a study that disagrees with that notion challenging my stance. I am only skeptical because one study cannot be counted as definiti (...)

I am not fond of allowing alleged terrorists rights. Although I understand the need to in case they are innocent. 

The article takes a stance that is contrary to my own. Aid does not truly help poor citizens around the world. The article gives no information that changes my mind only tries to guilt trip the US into support. 

I am generally against taxes, so my initial reaction would be against increasing sales taxes for online sales. I, however, agree with the article that taxes should be leveled equally. 

I disagree, i think banning soft drinks is a great first step and drug prevention programs aren’t very effective anyway. 

I don’t believe the FBI should have sweeping power but I do agree that there is a need in certain situations and that it should be allowed if proven to be so. 

Both sides are presented in this editorial.  I believe that the 5.75 million is too hefty of s remedy and the money is best spent elsewhere. Although I do understand the visceral response of wanting to be able to sink in the seat. 

I agree that the military needs to have what it needs and beyond. But the editorial brings up the fact that those builders who monopolize the industry take advantage of their advantage and thus the overspending takes away from other  just as crucial items  (...)

Intuition says that the floating depot is dangerous however the report challenges my intuition.  

Was unaware about that issue, generally I'm against states taking total control over corporations but perhaps it would be a prime situation here.

My view of Iraq has always been that it needs to be split along religious and cultural lines. The current borders are imposed by imperial powers anyway. This editorial espouses trying to use a compromise to keep Iraq united. Of course, I have the vantage p (...)

I disagree.  I appreciate Bush’s posturing. Yes diplomacy is indeed needed but Bush is up against no ordinary enemy. 

I am a supporter of Booker and his ideals.  This didn’t cause me to change my mind but the new info gave me reason to pause. 

I agree consuming seafood that is uncontaminated in moderation is good. However, the editorial gave me pause about what is moderation and what is safe.  I agree that labels need to be more comprehensive. 

This has now become Standard practice to screen preemptively for lung cancer so it’s interesting that there was any debate back when the first study was published. 

I have been of the opinion that higher gas prices will eventually lead to the market asking for higher emission standard cars making government involvement mute. The article tries to refute that notion but in my opinion, does not give enough concrete facts (...)

The editorial is wrong in supporting the election of judges. Judges should be appointed by state legislators and given lifetime appointments to ensure their power over the legislatures. 

I generally believe that government run education is very inefficient and wasteful. Extending that to lower ages does not really benefit anyone. This article points out the benefit to lower-income families but still does not convince me its a valuable plac (...)

I have believed that a path to citizenship for illegals already in the United States is a smart policy. This article tries to dissuade that notion and makes the valid point I had not previously considered that this is unfair to those waiting for a Visa out (...)

I somewhat agree with Mr. Spitzer

I generally feel that in a free society more rules and regulations are negative, like forcing authors to publish their conflicts. I think that forcing authors to do anything is not a good policy, though it should be an industry standard. 

I did not know much about defense spending, so I learned about it from this editorial, at least one person's perspective. The piece challenged me to consider where money is being spent in the military and the impacts of money decisions; is the money being spent on the most beneficial things. According to this editorial, defense spending is out of step with actual needs on the ground

I learned, long ago, that mass incarceration is not a panacea for crime, and rehabilitation is more effective, in terms of recidivism,  and less costly to taxpayers than incarceration

I suppose I did not have an opinion on property negotiations, whether they should be open or closed. After reading the article, I believe negotiations should be open and not arbitrations, in which "an agreement must be reached" with a stated party. Open negotiations allow for the views of more stakeholders and the input from more stakeholders, I think

I learned from the concerns of council-woman Goosby that neighborhood revitalization should strike a balance between housing and commerce and that "affordable" housing concentrated in one area could create negative economic impacts for an area

 The editorial made me think that there should be improvements made to the voting process, laws and equipment in the U.S. The editorial provided an example of the problems with the existing process, laws, and equipement

Privatizing social security is a mistake and it is apparent that it will not solve all of our budgeting and social security saving problems. 

Dire situations require dire measures at resolve. Sept 11 required a higher level of law enforcement to protect the nation from another series of attacks so dire. I am of the view that it is better we err on the side of caution and then make adjustments later on if required rather than not do enough in the way of law enforcement and make us vulnerable to other attacks.

When it comes on to issues of emotions, not everyone can be pleases as each deals with these issues in his own way. Siding with any group will make one unpopuar with others. Concensus is not always the way to go on these issuea as oftentimes consensus cannot be had.

While I agree that America should do more to help less fortunate countries, I fear that the more time spent trying to help abroad the less time and money is spent here to help Americans. 

This piece made me think strongly about making people move from the land in which they have rightly settled in the name of peace and preservation of life

I believe that if the use of the software is for sharing content, it is not their responsibility to monitor what is being shared, copyrighted or not. 

I can agree that Americans need to lay off of the junk food, but I do not agree with taxing those foods excessively. That food is cheap, it is the food of those in poverty that cannot afford much else. If you tax oreos you should tax more expensive "junk" foods as well. 

I think that this is a difficult concept. People need to be hydrated but not over hydrated. We need to practice both checking sodium levels, and checking for dehydration before treatment. 

I believe personally that all people should be able to form their clubs and meet, as long as no one is being harmed without consent. But in this situation I regretfully have to somewhat agree with the college. They are a Catholic college that does not condone homosexuality. They should not be forced to accept a club as part of their institution that directly goes against their belief system. I wouldn't personally feel that way, I don't condone it and I think it should be changed, but I do think they have a right to allow and not allow certain clubs based on their belief system. 

Though I am typically against decisions and actions taken by President Bush, this piece offered new knowledge that I feel is key; Bush successfully listened and acted based on opinions presented to him as the best options. Instead of choosing his own options, he opted to listen and utilize his team. 

Though changing what was once believed to be fact can be difficult to accept, scientific discovery shows differences in what had been previously understand compared to what is currently being studied. 

Unfortunately it is tough to know the proper procedure in situations like this. Terrorism is an issue that needs to be stopped immediately; however, forces involved need to consider the actions and consequences with other parties involved to protect their own people. 

Though I appreciate the system and where funding goes, taxes and other methods could be used to pay for prisons and necessary benefits. Those that have committed crimes are in prison to be punished; their families on the outside should not be receiving punishment as well in the form of excess bills. 

I was previously unaware of any of this situation, but I do believe that the initial concept of oil-for-food was good. However, the kickbacks and associated benefits should have been investigated and stopped immediately to continue the program at full efficiency. 

My conviction has always been that the church has no business in political life, church and state should be kept separate. Issues of politics if they were to be judged by morality would almost always be found wanting.

Though I do not support the death penalty or ability to alter the amount of jurors present for trials deemed by the judge at hand, I do feel that punishments need to be greater regarding terroristic measures and preemptive planning regarding same. 

I typically support the military in their belief of minimizing civilian casualties, but I had no idea about the use of chemicals like this. The US should not be using chemicals that cause such destruction where civilians could even be closely involved. 

The almost non response from Federal America to the disaster in New Orleans in its urgent recovery effort, is in my opinion, steeped in racial overtones. The largely black and poor population was not treated in an manner that was commensurate with the disaster that took place there, nor in the manner that other nationals had been treated with in other national disasters.

Matters of national security are sometimes too sensitive to discuss in the public domain. However, as the editor points out, when a country's citizens have been seemingly largely misled on an issue of a critical national security nature, they deserve to be provided with credible answers as to why this is the case.

With all the talk (and action in some cases) of philanthropy, to realize that the US is the 2nd stingiest country in the world is somewhat shocking. I have always believed, however, that developed countries - led by the US are not serious about aid to developing countries especially poor African states, as if they were, much more would have been done in the past and present towards aiding real development in those countries.

To give power of appointment and management to one body, in my opinion, is counter intuitive. History shows that this approach has often led to nepotism and corruption and not what the UN needs to be a part of its organisation at this time. Reform, yes, but not towards this leaning.  

I probably would have disagreed with this when it first came out -- I would've wanted a tougher approach to Baath party members. In hindsight this makes lots of sense.

I tend to think that most childhood learning depends on the parents and happens at home. This article was really good for pointing out ways that good teachers are important and why all teachers need good training. 

Industrial actions and strikes are sometimes the only way to get the other party in the bargaining room to take your position seriously and put to the table an offer that is reasonable to the worker. Obviously strike action will have at best, some level of discomfort and inconvenience to the parties affected, but sometimes the ends justify the means.

The internet is a service and as a service provider, it should be able to provide its product in the way it wants to market it (a business). Of course, the product will be suited to meet the customers need, but its final packaging should be determined by the supplier.

It is my opinion that there will be surprise "wins" out of any armed conflict - unexpected gains, unexpected allies and some unexpected outcomes. The results of war cannot always be foreseen in the pr- war planning, alas, it is only hindsight that is 20/20 vision.

This is a great point. Going after obesity is easy-- fighting drugs is more important. I hadn't thought about things that way and would normally have just supported the anti-obesity measures.

I always have difficulty with pieces that encourage America to in my opinion over step their bounds with forcefully telling other countries what they should do. Yet, in this case I do feel that making a blanket statement that America will no longer trade with countries who are doing environmental damage is a good stance on environmental protection.

True, a state's affairs cannot halt indefinitely in the aftermath of a disaster. However, I do not believe that elections should be rushed just for the sake of having them, in such a state of chaos. Why not postpone until at least a new normalcy is obtained?

State budgets should be public knowledge as they ultimate use public funds for which they should be held accountable. 

While I think that a good education is important, but I think this editorial oversimplifies the problems with schools in poorer areas. Emulating schools in wealthier areas is not necessarily a good thing as it may not help students with their education if the students have more things to worry about than school.

Immigration has always been a concern, but how to handle it is tough. Passing bills taking away rights is not improving the situation, neither is offering solutions without reaching a conclusion. 

Nuclear power sources, though smart, can pose great risk. Typically I would not oppose the approval, but based on the security situation surrounding the country, I can see the need to oppose. 

The environment is important but a pipeline that like ones the editorial complains mentioned are not necessarily a bad thing since they give jobs to people in the area. Also how do people who loathe pipelines know that pipelines are bad for the environment. 

Though I very strongly believe in our freedoms and rights, documents that were not originally in organizations’ possessions that contain information regarding government matters should be required to hand them over. 

I had no idea regarding the tracking of entrance and exit from the states. Both aspects should be heavily monitored to prevent any future events. 

I think that people should be able to live near their work but only if they can afford it. Using loans seems too risky as it puts people into debt. Also the state providing affordable is noble in theory but it's terrible since the state is going to put limits on who qualifies and there are probably people that are going to abuse the system. 

This challenged me. I believe that much of current law, the principles behind it, was birthed out of the Ten Commandments, so I do not have a problem with the then commandments being in a courthouse. The editorial provided wording from the law that caused me to look at the legalities of such "religious displays". Specifically the law says the religious object must be a part of a larger "clearly secular" display. If that is the law then it must be obeyed. The religious displays mentioned in the editorial do not meet the requirement of being part of a "clearly secular display. This editorial gave me a legal basis for examining religious displays in public places, particularly courthouses

I do believe in monitoring communications, especially after dealing with such tragedy and so many attacks, but I agree with the editorial that court approval should be required prior to tapping into citizens' calls and communications. 

I was somewhat unaware as to the percentage affected by these imposed tariffs and could see a need for change. 

This editorial challenged me to think about my stance on foreign relations, particularly U.S. involvement in the affairs of other countries. If the U.S. is going to engage in partnerships with other countries that benefit the U.S. militarily or otherwise, it should not turn a blind-eye to unrest in those places in order to keep military or other advantageous relationships. On the other hand, just because the U.S. has a military or business deal with a country does not give it a right to engage in the domestic affairs of that country. This makes me think of the U.S.'s role in the affairs of countries with which it partnerships. I tend to think of the U.S. as the "savior" of other nations; I wonder if that is correct. Then again to whom much is given, much is required, and if it is in the U.S.'s power to help those who are suffering, shouldn't it help. Is it right for it to step in the affairs of other nations though...

With all of the issues that surround the voting situation, a paper trail sounds like a good way to track not only voters and their selections, but also where errors may arise. 

Though the internet offers freedoms to all, greater threats come with that freedom. False identities are easier to create and be used to prey upon innocent victims, like kids. Sites like MySpace should enforce more restrictions to protect their users. 

I feel like this started negative and finished positive but there’s this middle that I think flew straight over my head.

Contributions being matched in theory sounds like a good idea. But overall it does not promote the concept that donations to the extent that they are currently received should not be a priority in campaigning; it should be the ideals and standards the people are supporting, not the money they are able to bring in. 

Though I am not a big advocate of international interventions where we are not needed, the US should consider open discussion with Guatemala regarding the situation, as it is extremely worrisome that these killings are happening to this extent and not much is being done to stop it or prevent it. 

I am typically all supportive of smaller companies working on their own without government regulation; however, some do in fact need a set of standards that they can follow and apply to keep everything running smoothly. 

Immigrants or not, those of all class levels and ethnicity deserve the right to be heard and protected. This country was built upon certain standards of freedom and safety and it should still be what we offer to everyone that crosses our border. 

Nuclear power does offer many benefits to economic growth and energy efficiency. However, the negative effects can harm communities and businesses. Though there are benefits, industries should build and develop away from communities and large groups of populations. 

Though the amount may seem ridiculous, a memorial should be built. The information provided does allow me to see the other side, but I still stand true to the idea that a memorial should be built to honor all of the lives lost on 9/11. It is not only a representation of those lost, but a place of peace and respect for those families and friends left behind. 

Health insurance should not be mandatory, but rather an issue of choice among citizens. The editorial however makes the valid point that in instances of no insurance, emergency care, which is more expensive and often left unpaid, is the alternative. The expense of this cost is left on taxpayers so why not shift the paradigm back to those actually incurring the costs?

While I agree that there should be standards on air quality, I disagree with this editorial. This editorial makes it seem that only Republicans are the only ones to use science to fit their needs when the Democratic party does this also.

I strongly disagree with this editorial as I think that the US should put its own space needs over any other country. I don't think that the plans for the space program are too aggressive, and this editorial didn't change my stance on this topic.

Under most circumstances I think partial-birth abortions is murder. However, this editorial does make me wonder when someone is protected by the Constitution and who's health is more important -- a women or the unborn.

While I think having private transportation of public officials is a waste of money, I disagree with this editorial that all officials should take public transportation like Michael Bloomberg. For safety reasons, I don't think that public officials shouldn't be force to do this.

Essentially, the efforts to 'protect us' do little apart from inconvenience and belittle us.  We spend billions on so called 'intelligence' that money is obviously wasted if they have to force pensioners to remove their shoes or force the parents to throw away baby's milk before they can get on a plane.

David Beckham was one of the most overrated players soccer has ever known.  Essentially, although soccer is slowly growing in popularity in the US, the culture here is only interested in winners and the US national side is a long way from ever winning a major trophy.

I generally disagree with the notion that a policial officer cannot hold to offices at once. Voters should decide this on an individualized basis. 

This editorial challenged me to think about how money to maintain public parks is obtained. Initially, I believed that tax dollars would and should support such efforts. Mr. Souder's bill challenged me to think of another way to raise funds to maintain parks-- taxpayers would voluntarily decide to contribute on their returns. Maintaining public works takes creative ideas that go beyond the traditional hikes in taxes; this editorial challenged me to think about one such creative idea. 

This makes some really good points; it's counter-productive to impose so many restrictions if they can't be enforced or if they drive people into underground lives.

It's interesting to read about the positive side of Wolfowitz. This article challenged me to think beyond my preconceptions about him.

Yes it's true that inflation has gotten out of control. But unlike this editorial, I don't think energy prices are to blame. I think the blame has to do with horrible economic deals and taxes.

Yes it's terrible to harass people based on things they cannot control such as their ethnicity and race. However, as a Latina myself, I disagree with this editorial as many day workers are not legal immigrants, so they shouldn't be in the US working.

First of all, the US shouldn't be giving that much in foreign aid since there a lot of people in the US who live in poverty. Secondly, I think that this editorial is complaining about nothing as the US can decided to give as much aid as the government wants since they don't need to help the rest of the world.

While the No Child Left Behind Act works in theory, it doesn't work in actuality. I focuses on too much on test scores. This editorial didn't change my stance as it focuses too much on identity politics than on actual facts.

While I think that we should give new ideas a try, I disagree with this new ideas that the Democratic party wants to try. This editorial thinks all these ideas, like a higher minimal wage, is a good idea. But a lot of these ideas are terrible, such as a high minimal wage, hurt more people than it helps.

It is hard to imagine that for a large state such as NY, the budget process was previously so seemingly informal and absent of public visibility and scrutiny.

Arms treaties mean nothing when either side covertly manufactures and deploys the arms in the first place.  The US quite possibly already has anti-satelite technologies and also space based weapons ready to use whenever it wishes.

Climate change is the replacement for religion.  If you don't completely state that it is a fact you are chastised as a 'denier' or a 'heretic'.  I believe in global warming and global cooling.  This is a process that has happened for ions, long before we were here and will continue long after we have gone.  To believe that we could possibly have a long term impact on the world is typical of the arrogance of human kind.

The writer of this article seems to think that every problem can be resolved by an act of congress.

This is really sweet and the exact opposite of how I see politicians.

Why isn’t he number one still? 

Why cut from the already disenfranchised to its long run detriment? Oftentimes, it appears too easy to pick the low hanging fruits when it comes on to cuts in governments' budget programmes rather than to get creative and find ways of reducing operating expenses or lowering costs.

The editorial does not provide enough information to be convincing that many/majority of principals are leaving their jobs due to the current performance  bonus structure. It would appear rather to be simply one of the supposedly many reasons why they leave.

While drug laws are tough, I disagree with this editorial that minorities are being unfairly targeted. Statistically speaking, a large number of minorities are drug dealers so of course they make up a huge number of drug related prison sentences.

Why are they complaining about fiscal responsibility? 

This editorial seems to think that the lack of affordable housing is based on race and segregation. But I think that is false. There are more things that block affordable housing like the amount a given state government has to spend on these efforts.

While I think a minimum wage sounds nice in theory, I think it does more harm than good as prices at mom and pop stores corresponds with how high minimum wage is set.So the higher minimum wage is set (many want it to be at high price like $15), the prices at these stores will be so high that no one will shop at these places.

I have really mixed feelings about this one. I think people should take responsibility for their actions -- it seems silly to blame a company for making you smoke. But this did make me think a bit and question my assumptions.

While I think that companies that damage the environment (e.g. spills into waterways) should pay for it, I'm not sure if Cuomo's proposals will succeed with how slightly corrupt the New York State government seems to appear.

Gentrification is a terrible thing but it's something that happens. However, unlike the author of the editorial, I don't think that the mayor has the power to stop this process from happening. 

Yes, I do think that the Army has lowered its standards however I don't agree with the editorial's solution. Sometimes, joining the army is a better choice than jail. In fact, it could teach these problematic people skills and responsibility that they wouldn't learn otherwise.

While I think torture is wrong, neither side has a case. The editorial makes it seem that Padilla is a victim but we have no proof either way.

Yes I do think that if some illegal immigrants should be allow a pathway to citizenship if they are otherwise law biding citizens. Unlike the editorial, I don't think that guest workers should be given a pathway for citizenship unless they are willing to do it the proper way.

Debt is a terrible thing and consumers should have some type of self control. However unlike this editorial, I don't find having others giving people self-control interesting. In fact, I think it's kind of stupid.

If states want to spend money on dental care for it's poor that's great, but I think it's bad for business. While this editorial makes it seem that it's for kids, in reality, people who work for dentist offices that would be force to follow this purpose laws, will end up losing money in their paychecks as state reimbursements are low compared to any care that these poor patients receive.

I don't agree with the author on their 'only real way to reduce the inmate population'.  Perhaps there should be harsher capital punishments for sex offenders and murders who cannot be rehabilitated.

The less casinos, the better.

I think that there should be audits if it is found that there is any incompetence in accounting for any government. However, this editorial only somewhat challenge this since the editorial blames the Republican party, and I don't know enough about this situation to know if it is true or not.

Unlike this editorial, I don't think affordable housing is  a way to stop gentrification. I believe that gentrification is something that happens over time in working class neighborhoods despite how people try to stop it. This editorial challenge me in that I didn't think that many anti-gentrification people didn't try hard enough to come up with ideas to stop process from happening.

Yes, it's true that traffic is a problem in New York City, and a driving fee that works for London, but this editorial is wrong. Unlike the UK where there is a fee for a basically anything (e.g a T.V. fee), Americans tend to hate new fees. This editorial only somewhat challenged me in that it provided that these fees did work in Europe but I ultimately disagree.

While recycling is something that everyone should do, I don't think this law will work. This editorial seems to think that new incentives will motivate people to recycle more, but I think that most people only recycle when they want and no law will change this fact.

Yes it is true that Americans can do more in helping the country's trade problems like buying American. However, this editorial somewhat challenged me in that it makes it seem that the government should do more when in reality it's the companies that can do more. As most companies, I believe, like using the cheaper labor in China.

Usually I'm against this type of control, but it is scary to think about kids on the internet!

I remember being annoyed when Bloomberg insisted on the new taxis, because they were so expensive for most taxi drivers to buy, and they created so much new regulation. This article is a good reminder that they served the purpose of fighting climate change.

For the most part I do agree with this editorial in that I think that steam cell research can help a lot of people. However, I disagree with the notion that American scientists are not free to do what they want. I think the proposed law is a great compromise unlike what this editorial wants people to believe.

This whole editorial is wrong. Private insurance companies that work with Medicare provides healthcare for people that include children. This editorial makes it seem that there is no health care for children, but in reality elderly people use insurance the most. 

While the Iraq government should prove that they can succeed without the help of the US government, but I think this editorial doesn't fully understand the problems. The feud between Sunni and Shiite Muslims run so deep that I don't think the laws this editorial purpose will stop the conflict.

I disagree with this editorial in that we must look to Europe to see how things are done. First of all the US is completely different than Europe, especially Germany, so the US has different needs. Also, Bush is right in that all the different branches of government must work together to get environmental things done.

While it seems that these environmental laws work, I disagree with the article that New York City needs these driving fee laws. First of all, this editorial leaves out that public transport in London is basically flawless, so until New York fixes it transport issues this law inconveniences the whole city.

Look it's sad that many people will be affected by closing this gap in the immigration laws. However, faking papers is a crime in fact it is identity thief that effects many people both dead and alive. This editorial relayed too much on emotion thus it didn't change my stance.

I think anyone who committed obstruction should be punished. However, I disagree with this editorial as I think that the sentence might have too harsh on Libby as he was charge and convicted on obstruction and perjury, not for leaking classified information and endangering a CIA agent .

Usually I'm against banning sells of drinks (e.g. large soda bans) since it usually doesn't work. However, this editorial changed my stance when it comes to selling booze since some people become awful and bothersome when drinking alcohol and being trapped on public transport with drunk people is terrible. 

I believe that human trafficking is terrible and there should be laws to protect people. However, unlike the editorial, I don't think that these laws will be passed on time because New York state officials tend to procrastinate on important issues.

While clean air is extremely important for everyone, I feel that this editorial is wrong. First of all I think that the EPA is a waste of money in that they really don't do anything. And I disagree that it would be a wonderful idea for the EPA to be given power to decide what is or isn't greenhouse gas.

I disagree with this editorial in that the casinos should be on Tribe lands and that a casino is bad for the environment. First of all many casinos in Las Vegas and Altantic City are not on Tribe lands. Also jobs are more important than the environment due the fact that many environment laws are too strict.

Yes, I think New York should reform its government. However, unlike the editorial, I'm not so sure that this reform will fix all of the issues in the state. The reason is that I think the state will not solve their issues in the long term, I think they focus on more on short term solutions. 

It is sad that people have been screwed over by oil companies and the Nigerian government. But I don't think that violence is the answer and I don't feel sorry for these oil warriors unlike this editorial.

Florida gun laws are not perfect and the editorial is right in that some people who shouldn't have guns got them. However, I disagree with the editorial as data has shown gun used in self-defense  actually prevent crimes unlike gun free zones.

Usually I'm against money going to schools based on performance. However, this editorial did change my stance since it doesn't seem fair for law makers to keep money away from schools that are doing really well.

The proposals sound like good ideas.

We are meant to be free in this country, now I'm going to be told what light bulb I can and cannot buy?

I’m all for second chances but I feel like this is more of a free pass. 

Outsourcing is necessary but we need to worry about the Americans without jobs. 

Okay so the president agreed something needed to be done, but let big companies who obviously don’t care police themselves? How does that make any sense?

While New Jersey politicians are underpaid compared to their New York counterparts, I had not considered the "pension-padding" issue of holding other positions.  As the editorial states, a politician can not fairly represent two different constituencies.

It is so nice to read about that poll of Republican voters. This challenges my view that many republicans only want to bar and deport immigrants.

I hadn't considered complete disarmament as a sound policy choice for North Korea's nuclear program. I don't know if I agree, but the editorial opened me up to the possibility that it may be the wisest course of action.

I always thought there was a Red Cross in every country. Finding out that there wasn't one in Israel is shocking. I agree with this editorial that there should be one in Israel especially if dictatorships like North Korea has one.

The editorial shows how realpolitik might  be considered, given existing politicians and public sentiment. I do, however, disagree with both increased Gulf drilling and with off-shore drilling in American waters.

I agree with this editorial as Congress is hypocritical when it comes to spending. While this editorial tends to put all the blame on Republicans, I disagree. Both parties are very hypocritical when comes to spending.

I always thought that judges were paid well. After reading about this, I agree with this article has it was able to change my stance. The main reason is that I think that judges  should be paid well since they have a hard and important job.

While I think more should be done for helping Americans with their savings, I disagree with parts of this editorial. I don't think that the government should match company back IRAs, like the editorial suggests, as many government run programs are poorly funded for the most part.

While I think we are too dependent on foreign oil, I disagree on the global warming aspect. Many aspects of global warming have been challenged, so these measures to stop it by using other methods of energy may be unnecessary. 

I disagree with parts of this editorial, especially the global warming parts. It doesn't seem wise to spend millions, like this editorial purposes, for oil energy alternatives that may not even work in the long run.

I strongly disagree with this editorial as I don't believe that Israel should give money to the citizens of Palestine in exchange for the country's safety.  While it's sad that innocent people in both countries suffer from the long going feud between Palestine and Israel, I don't think that Israel should have to pay money for a situation where both parties are at fault. 

While there are gases that effect air quality, most global warming science is highly debated. So unlike this editorial, I don't think that Congress should decide on these matters if the science isn't universally agreed upon, and especially if there are more important issues that need to be solved. 

While I agree with the editorial about the importance of the separation of church and state, I disagree with this editorial on the most part. I don't think the religious right is trying to put Christianity into public life in the way this editorial making it seem.

I mostly have faith in public officials to act ethically, especially in an oversight capacity. That Mr. Hevesi did not is reason, as the editorial opines, for him not to seek an additional term as comptroller.

Bush wasn't the perfect president but I don't think he was as bad as this editorial makes him out to be. I don't necessarily think that Republicans are homophobic, although I disagree with their anti-gay marriage stance,  it just they believe in traditional family values more than other people's lifestyles.

Since I don't eat lobsters, I don't really care about them other than it gives people jobs to catch them. This editorial changed my stance as there are very few lobsters left due to over fishing, which means less lobsters for people to eat and less jobs for fishermen.

While I do agree that libraries need to keep up with current technological advances in order to survive, I don't think what this editorial argues will help. I don't think the library is necessarily the best place for teens to meet up after school to hang out.

I had been guilty of  indulging he emotional component of creating buffer zones between children and sexual predators. It seems like common sense policy, but the editorial makes a great deal of sense when it opines that such buffer zones only make it more likely for sexual predators to "go underground" and escape the close scrutiny of law enforcement.

While I believe that terminally ill people should end their life anyway they want, I have a problem with this law that this editorial didn't address. This problem is how terminally ill is the person have to be in order to do this.

I think that it’s unreasonable that the US be the uranium police. 

I do agree that companies do pay very low taxes, however I disagree with the editorial. I don't think that companies paying low taxes are not a bad thing as studies and actual practice shows that companies do not do business in places where they have to pay high taxes.

While I knew that America's decision to invade Iraq was damaging to its commitment in Afghanistan, I was not aware that the European NATO allies were not meeting their troop commitments.

Money shifted to the suburbs for public transit seems like it unjustly punishes urban centers, but thinking further on the issue, normalizing public transit use in less-dense communities may have an overall beneficial effect on widespread adoption of innovative transit options outside the cities.

I think this degree of homeland security is overkill. 

I had never seen any issue with limiting where sex offenders can live but this article really opened my eyes to see the problems with it. 

While have safe job sites, like the ones this editorial mentioned, is probably for the best, I don't feel any sympathy towards day laborers like the editorial. I just believe that people shouldn't hire day laborers because they are cheap since they are not supposed to work in the US in the first place.

I think i answered differently for this article before, but in rereading it, i feel more that it challenges me because i am not sure that i agree that he deserves praise after everything. 

I didn’t realize chemical plants were this much of a threat and i think that this amount of security is overkill. 

I think it's terrible that people had to wait so long in temporary housing. However, I'm not sure if the editorial was convincing as it could be that people had to wait for the levees were repair before they could move back home.

Yes, it is very dangerous for people to look for work in street corners. However, most day workers are illegal immigrants who legally speaking cannot work in the US along with be explored by people since the workers are paid very low wages.The solutions that the editorials mentions are not going to work in the long run.

This is interesting because i would have thought the opposite. 

I don’t know that paper trails are that necessary.  

Interesting because this did happen eventually. 

I don’t think eminent domain is ever a good thing. 

This editorial is completely wrong. The case is not Republicans trying to interfere with the courts. The problems that Republicans had with this case was that it was the courts deciding how can live or die despite the family's wishes, like the so-called Death courts in countries with universal health care.

This editorial does make a good point that NYC needs cleaner air. However, I don't know if city own transportation would be enough to provide the change that some people in NYC wants.

While I do agree that poor and/or elderly people should have some type of government provided health care, I don't agree with this editorial. I don't think that expanding health care will help any problems since the bigger the government program the more problems it has.

While I do agree that disability needs some reforms, I disagree with this editorial. There is a reason that getting disability is difficult is that many people have abuse welfare in the past. While it's unfortunate, this allows that only people who need disability is able to get it.

Although I believe that I have already read and answered this editorial, but my stance changed. Yes, it's terrible that the US government have violated many prisoners rights like they did with Padilla. However, the government cannot be too lax with prisoners that are suspected to ties with terrorism. 

If capital punishment 'poses too great a risk of irreversible error' how does one reverse someone who has been imprisoned for several years and then released on appeal?  Perhaps we should look at why innocent people are wrongly convicted before we change how the guilty are punished. 

Perhaps the City of York in North Yorkshire, England should sue New York for appropriating its name. I tire of people who are incensed at the pointless.  It's incredible how these things can always be resolved for these people in the form of a massive cash payout.

Congress hearings and public enquiries just seem to cost a lot of money and accomplish nothing. 

I agree, the General Assembly should pass the bill

I had previously never heard about this.  It's very shocking, obviously some pressure needs to be put on and/or assistance given to Guatemala by the International community.

As stated previously, no government legislation can keep ahead of technology.  Uber has had a much larger impact on the taxi industry.

I guess I had also blamed free trade but this article explains why it’s not the problem. 

I was totally unaware of this so it changed my
Views on trade. 

More legislature, more red tape, no thanks.  Who will oversee the overseer?  Obviously the government who clearly aren't capable or running anything let alone can be trusted to.

I don’t teally think massive election reform is needed. 

Long Island Republicans have traditionally sought to benefit themselves at the expense of the rest of the city. That Spitzer was able to more fairly dole out education funds, given Republican obstruction, 

Stock markets and debt buying is not something I don't easily understand. I was slightly confused by the article. I, however, generally disagree with government involvement in economic concerns. 

I was unaware of this race at the time, but Mr. Shays is a moderate Republican and these are fewer and farther between these days. We need to empower these voices not fight against them. 

This article
Provided new information and trade tariffs that made me reconsider my position. 

While i was never fond of Bush’s foreign relations, i think the US should not run around the world being the nuclear police. 

I don’t think a democratic sweep is bad for anyone. 

Forcing third graders to repeat a year or forcing them to attend summer school is a ridiculous reaction to a problem that should have already been solved before it became a possibility.

It clearly wasn't 'conceivable that the situation can still be turned around.'

I agree with anti-loitering sentiment generally. Loitering is often a sign of drugs and prostitution. However, the day-laborer problem presents the other side of loitering, so I am now open to a case-by-case analysis of anti-loitering statutes.

I'd lie to know why the Bush administration wants to get rid of 'New Source Review' but this article omits this.

The Red Cross, as a non-profit entity, is certainly large and has many resources at its disposal. While I support its missions generally, this article made me realize that it is not immune to criticism or scrutiny, although I think the editorial's insinuation that the federal government should intervene in its internal affairs is a little too far.

The Hudson waterfront project should be lauded for being environmentally friendly. However, the editorial makes a strong case that a large-scale project is still a visual and environmental obstruction, no matter how ecologically responsible it might be.

Executive orders are not my preferred method of legislating, but climate change is an important enough issue that executive orders might be justified. The article lauds Governor Schwarzenegger of California for his environmental track record, showing that environmental concern can be a non-partisan perspective.

The Academy Awards ratings are a subject with which I am neither familiar nor knowledgeable.

The path of Afghanistan toward democracy and improvement is far from set, but the editorial correctly identifies positive developments such as a peaceful parliamentary election.

I want to believe that US forces are not cruel to POWs - but this offers strong proof a systemic problem. 

I think that this is a good idea for New Jersey and it the fact that it will benefit schools and a community center makes it even a better solution. However, the fact that it has to be built on the greenfield is troubling for me. 

A bill should not give some companies special treatment and each company should be on the same playing field. However, I do feel it is extremely important for low and middle income people to be automatically enrolled in a 401K because I feel that many in that financial band do not think about the future or future savings. 

It is frightening that under Bush's administration, North Korea would have been able to produce 10 more nuclear weapons which could lead to mass destruction in our country. However, I do think it's important that Bush brought Iran to the security council.

Minority students should not be shut out of elite public schools and the reading and math programs have to definitely be evaluated. However, I do believe that the primary students build a strong foundation and there needs to be a focus so these students don't have issues in middle school. 

While I believe that the wilderness areas and land should be protected and valued, It does bother me that Congress has been adding more under the radar without full disclosure to the people. 

While I feel that the majority of these projects seem beneficial to these cities, I do agree that there should be regulations in terms of the height of the buildings. 

I do agree that the majority of the funds seems to be distributed to good causes, i do feel that this information should be full disclosure and should be presented to the constituents. 

As powerful a nation that we are, it is infathomable to me that other countries can bully us when we do so much for other countries. 

This is actually something I’ve never known about so it’s not something I have a strong stance on. 

Wow, I have actually ordered cheap drugs from online pharmacies. This has made me rethink this activity. 

In this article my feelings diverge from the rest of my opinions. Usually I side with the environmentalists, however my father is an executive in the Westinghouse Nuclear division and I used to work for them as well. They are the suppliers for Indian Point and so while there is a lot of skepticism in this article about the safety of Indian Point, I know that it is very secure and not an issue. 

This editorial challenged me to think about the taxes that are imposed on the superrich. Is it fair that the wealthy pay more in taxes than the non-wealthy? Is there a wealthy tax?

This editorial challenged me to think about my stance on space exploration-- do I feel space exploration is important, necessary. I feel space exploration is important for discovery and the sake of science; however, the practical significance of space exploration is not readily apparent to me

This editorial somewhat challenged because of the startling finding that people deemed overweight had lower death rate than those of normal weight. That new information is new and noteworthy for me. The info did not strongly challenge me because the findings are from only one study; more research is needed

This editorial really challenged my thinking on the role of United Nations to protect civilian populations. If there are contractural agreements, in U.N., documents to protect countries then the U.N., including Washington, should do its job. If the Washington is duty-bound, by U.N. policy to be involved to protect nations, it should be involved and carry out its duty and not stand idly by while thousands of people are murdered

I am of the view that centralisation works best with some complex systems and processes. Decentralisation in these situations  lead to inefficiency, waste and increased cost. Perhaps the removal of a State's waste is one of these processes.

It does concern me that countries are considering using weapons in space and I do not feel the US should be using them. However, if other countries start doing this then we would need to protect our country.

As a Catholic, it is rooted in my faith to believe in pro-life. However, I feel that women do have a right to their own bodies, but I do have an issue with partial-birth abortions.

While I think it is important for Americans to spend in order to maintain a healthy economy, I feel these Americans are being fiscally responsible in paying down debt and not spending money that they don't have.

I do feel that there should be harsher punishments for those who sell drugs near a school; however, I can understand that there needs to be some changes due to the fact that minorities have been targeted when you compare urban and suburban settings. 

It seems like Mr. Spitzer is trying to making changes to make Albany more transparent and ethical; however, the true test will be if these changes actually occur. 

I do agree with Spritzer that there needs to be "smart growth"; however, I feel that Stewart International seems to be a good solution in order to relieve congestion at the other airports and there are many highways that make it accessible. 

I do feel that Pritzer is making many of the necessary and bold changes to make a difference in Albany; however, I do feel that some Democrats should have been considered for the role of state comptroller. 

It concerns me that there are  125,000 people that were admitted into the military and Army that have committed crimes and will be allowed to operate weapons. Although, I understand that there might be a need for a larger military. 

I do feel that JetBlue should have monitored conditions more carefully and cancelled flights before all of those passengers had to sit 6-10 hours on the tarmac. However, I do think the changes they are starting to make are important positive steps to take. 

While I think that the majority of this plan sounds like a great idea; I do not think that they should be able to dictate who resides in these apartments and limit them to people who live full time in Greenport. 

While I feel that Mr. Bloomberg is making necessary changes that are important for congestion especially since New York will have a million more people in the future, I don't think that some should be charged a congestion fee. 

While I feel that there needs to be more regulation of bootlegged movies and other products, I do feel that a trade war would be harmful to our economy. 

I don't know how I feel with this issue, I don't know if the US should be bargaining with Iran to get them to comply to things. 

While I feel that Mr. Cornyn has grounds to be concerned about letting so many criminals into his state; I feel that some immigrants being judged as having "good moral character" is subjective. 

I do think that not everyone should be punished for a few people and all alcohol be removed; however, I feel that it is not too much to ask riders to not drink on their commute home in respect of others. 

While I feel that the troops should be removed in stages in order to prevent chaos in their country, I do agree with the notion that the soldiers who are there at the end might be in the most danger. 

While I do feel the casino would be an asset for economic growth, I agree that all of the additional traffic raises definite environmental concerns. 

The deal behind closed doors that was orchestrated partly by Spitzer does not seem like a good one especially since the money that was allotted for education reform seemed to be needed in other areas. 

This editorial challenged my stance on global warming and its affect on the weather. Is there a relationship between the two? Before reading this article I was neutral on global warming being responsible for super storms. This editorial put forth some logic, warm water fuels storms, water are getting warmer so storms are stronger. Basic stuff but i had not heard before so simplistically outlined

I think the money should have been held from the Hamas government even if they were legally entitled to it. 

This energy bill should require a higher level of fuel efficiency for cars and trucks, but it is good that at least 10 percent of the country's electricity be generated by nonpolluting energy sources like wind power by 2020.

I do agree that actions like this could possibly scare some individuals into helping the police, but I do feel that we should be using every intelligence available to us to combat this gang and issues. 

While I feel that Phillip Morris should be held accountable and willing supplies cigarettes without regard for the harm they knew they would cause, 79.5 million in punitive damages is outrageous. 

Lawmakers should be reading each bill that is put before them in entirety before they vote on it. I think there were some good aspects but also feel there should have been some type of state regulation. 

While I feel that many of these departments might be necessary in a hospital, I do feel that they need to be challenged and the programs need to be revisited.

I can understand how villages are concerned with the ability to maintain public order with large congregations of people, but I do feel that this might be unjustly directed towards immigrants. 

This editorial made me rethink about the type of assistance the U.S. provides to other countries. I had not considered the outright financial assistance provided to help a country maintain self-sufficiency

I do believe that breast feeding is important to the health of infants; however, I do understand that it does not work for all women.

I feel the judges make plenty of money - anything over 150,000 and they shouldn't be complaining. 

Part of me feels that if you can't afford the houses - move somewhere you can

Before reading this I did not have a stance on whether public documents of NY officials should be made public. I now think making the documents public is a good idea for the sake of history, seeing the process of how legislation or other important issues was debated and formed

This editorial challenged my stance that, for the most part, the government , including the President, is a good actor. The outright violations of law and cover-ups opposed my view that the government largely  acts on up and up

I did not know much about reverse mortgages, but I had been told that they are a bad deal so I wasn't for them. This article challenged my stance on reverse mortgages; I now see them as viable options for the elderly who may need assistance paying for health care costs

I don’t feel that our government should be allowed to wrongfully hold anyone in prison without them being convicted of wrong doing. That is what our country is supposed to do. 

I firmly believe America can not afford to keep bailing other countries out until we get out of debt. But we can not leave these countries without help either. 

I don’t feel that anyone should receive waivers for any reason from any crime. 

I have heard rumors about Russia and Putin's bad behavior. This editorial pointed out some of the problems with Putin's "staged democracy". The details of the article make it clear that Russia is not as democratic as it would have other nations assume. That is a problem, and an affectation of democracy instead of true democracy does not (should not) grant access to groups of truly democratic nations, regardless of the country's wealth

I generally oppose regulations on economic matters as consumers should provide regulations. 

Unless convicted of a crime if a person if voted in he should be able to keep his position. If the conflicting information comes to light after the campaing that is one thing but that is not the case here. 

If these studies bare out they change my opinion on circumsicion which I originally saw as child mutilation and highly immoral. 

I don’t feel Congress should have anything to do with personal credit card debt. Every card I have ever had States clearly what my interest is going to be and my limits. At some point Americans need to take responsibility for their own actions. 

I generally think that private charities should provide legal services to the poor and not the government (except in the case of public defendants.) 

I was not heavily educated on this topic. These laws seemed sensible and worthy. After reading the article  I realized that perhaps they are not working. 

The government can not take responsibility for every natural disaster. People need to take responsability to be ready when these situations strike. 

The discoveries that have been attributed to the Hubble, outlined in this article, challenged me to rethink my position on space exploration as a sort of leisure, extra expenditure to be indulged after issues more directly related to ensuring the health, provision, and safety of citizens has been attended to with funding. Pouring money into something just for the sake of discovery gives me pause. What is the practical significance of say knowing the universe is accelerating; will the information save lives, cause humanity to have a better quality of life??

I was unaware of this situation. Normally I am against interfering with other countries issues, however perhaps international intervention would be a good step.

I can agree that in the aftermath most important is helping the areas affected get back together and on their feet, but to say its not the time for finger pointing or blame is a bit much. There were serious issues that need to be addressed, in the moment, to make sure that everyone is aware of the shortcomings and can work to prevent them from happening again. 

My general belief is that the market will work to house low income people. As there is a economic incentive to do so for private companies. 

The federal government should not be saying where or how there should be a Casino built. This should be up to the private sector to decide and create. 

While I agree that the UN should come together and help the poorest countries, I am afraid that there is a lot that needs to be fixed in America that should be addressed before committing any money to any outside sources. 

I have generally seen unions as a kind of necessary evil. I do believe that they are good when used appropriately and can gain a lot for workers yet they are barely used in this way. 

I generally agree with the notion that private charity should work to medically ensure children and the government should provide insurance only to Children that are under their supervision (under foster care or in homes...) 

Cities should not restrict access to guns outright. Some controls are necessary for the mentally ill, criminals... but law abiding citizens should be allowed to keep guns. 

I'm normally for tax cuts but in this situation they would not be the right course of action. 

Normally I support police actions such as this. But this was just sloppy, and the officers should be held accountable. And it has nothing to do with race. 

Hamas is a grave threat to Isreal and is a huge hinderence on peace (as are hard line iraelis). Until those conditions are met by Hamas there is no reason for negotiations. 

I agree with the notion that the economy and market should deal with low income housing not the government. 

I don't think people should be required to have insurance. I think people should be allowed free preventative care and routine checks ups. 

I thought we were helping.

I was always of the view that borrowers should always pay their debts and lenders had a right to collect this debt by whatever means necessary (even if it means embarrassment for the borrower)

It is almost difficult to believe that there are those persons who thrive in an inefficient budget process just so they can have their interests satisfied without too much scrutiny.

I don't think the saudis are against terrorism nor should the USA be involved 

I don’t think that playing games with taxes is a good idea. There are so many things our government needs to revise when it comes to taxes. 

The President should not have made promises he can’t keep. But I feel like anyone who builds their life below sea level in a place liable to flood during hurricane season shouldhave insurance to cover that. They should not be relying on the government to rebuild for them. 

This editorial challenged me to rethink my stance on U.S. involvement in foreign affairs. Should the U.S. be sticking it's nose in the business of other countries? How would the U.S. like it if other countries tried to force it to act in a way more amenable to the other country. I landed on Yes. When it is in the U.S.'s power to help countries that are being ravaged by war, it should most definitely use whatever influence it has to help the affected country. 

The fact that we still have trigger happy cops is saddening. But I also understand that they are just trying to go home to their families too and the world out there is getting to be a scary place for them. But they do need to do a better job of assessing the situations so innocent men do not end up murdered. 

Well, from this it seems like an audit would solve a lot of things. Why don't they start there instead of rushing a bill.

I had to reread it because I was all puffed up and angry, but yeah we went over there to get them back for what they did to us. I knew that was part of it, but this writer seems to think that was literally all it was. We helped a little, right?

I thought it had been shut down.

The article suggests public financing of campaigns which in my opinion only favors incumbency and makes governments harder to challenge. 

I am normally against the FDA taking such an active role in regulation. Celebrating it taking a larger role is against my principles. 

I generally agree with the notion that it is every citizen's responsibility to make sure that they are prepared for an emergency. Private charities can help those who are caught off guard but if you live in a hurricane prone area you need be prepared for the risks that entails. 

Flipping Canada. The kinder America.

My views on the FDA is that it should play an advisory and not a regulatory role. This example definitely shows the dangers of that approach as it would strip more power from the government. I still agree with my position but more tentatively. 

The article criticizes harsh measure to allow illegal immigrants to gain citizenship. Though I agree with the notion of a path to citizenship this needs to be difficult in order to make sure we do not reward illegal behavior and only those truly committed are gaining citizenship. 

While legal immigration should be accessible and I love that this includes paying back taxes, I disagree with them doing work Americans wouldn't do. 

I do believe that it was a waste of money to have prisoners that may or may not be enemy combatants. Drain the swamp and do things the right way.

At first, I thought, why do people have a problem with him spending his own money. Then came the part about fundraising for his birthday and that seems shady.

I'm so confused. Why isn't there a universal way of choosing leaders and judges? Seems like it would be helpful.


It's messed up because they are human beings and while some of them may be terrorists, even they deserve their day in court or we just look like A-holes and the bad will get away with the good! Bad Bush!

I don't understand how I didn't know about all of this. We haven't been on the firm financial ground in a while.

This editorial provided me information on how exactly the tax structure favors the superrich and disadvantages the middle class. The information is new to me and makes say a definite yes to changes in tax law that will result on less burden to the middle class. Whereas, before I did not know anything about how taxes are structured in an advantageous way for the superrich

The editorial's stance that geography restrictions on sex offenders are shams is news to me. It was also news to me that the buffer zones have not contributed to a drop in  sex crimes. Before reading the article I thought that buffer zones were a good idea. Actually, I still do think the buffer zones are a good idea. Perhaps I am making an "emotion-based" decision; it just seems logical to me that putting distance between sex offender and the population on which they prey is a good way to reduce sex crimes, but according to the editorial the buffers do not reduce sex crimes. Something to think about

Free standing charter schools may not adhere to the teach the test regimen that is followed by other charter schools that are affiliated with public schools. Tests are not the only way to assess a child's academic abilities or potential. 

Well, I guess nuclear power isn't completely evil.

This is so confusing to me. So are elections money laundering or does it matter? If you give money to a campaign don't you relinquish the right to ask questions when you know this stuff goes on?

Who doesn't like Walmart?

It's actually surprising to me that there was a Republican president and Republicans wanted this and it didn't get done. Don't know why it surprises me, but it does.

This was a tough one because what they are doing is shady, but what if everyone just voted?

My general thought is that discrimination will be slowly rooted out by the market as those companies that discriminate unfairly will eventually lose good talent and go out of business. That being said if we are going to have rules and regulations the 180 day benchmark is ridiculous and the article is right to point out why. 

I generally believe that the FDA should play a recommendation role and not a regulatory one. Examples like these prove that this may not adequate in today's corporate culture. 

I generally feel that burdensome regulations on companies tend to lead to fewer employment and negative economic results. I feel that extending these regulations will benefit some but overall hurt the economy. 

AIDS is a grave threat and should be dealt with. This should be done by private interest and it should be spread to the needy through charity. The government should not take a role in this area. 

I think that the environment is important and there should be regulations to protect it. I do however feel that energy dependence and production should be left to the private sector with only minor tax incentive here and there to help jumpstart clean energy. 

This editorial challenged me to think about the extent of bad behavior that goes on in the government and how the behavior is sometimes overlooked by those in the highest positions of power when the one performing supports the things those in leadership support

I did not have a very well formed opinion on initiatives but they always seemed like a good way to move the issue along and involve citizens further in the process. I had not considered these objections before. 

I am not sure that the government should intervene with a private non-profit. It can choose to partner with another but that should be the extent of its involvement. The article did not convince me otherwise. 

My notions have been that Space exploration is a worthy investment that only governments can take on. This is changing as the private sector takes over (and should be allowed and encouraged)... Until the transition is fully complete I believe that money is well spent on NASA and the article did not convince me otherwise. 

This seems like a tax to me which I did not like, but the article convinced me that it makes sense to take the unclaimed deposits. These can be used to repair the damage of not returning the bottles. 

I have normally favored development and growth, especially in areas that are needed and when the environment is protected. The article does little to convince me that I am wrong. 

Though I have solidarity for the people of New Orleans after Katrina the Federal government's support should not be so large. It is the responsibility of the state of Louisiana, private charities and the City of New Orleans to both be prepared and act after the catastrophe. The article does little to address this concern and just assumes the governments responsibility therefore not changing my opinion. 

Well, before I read the article I did not have a stance on other countries being empowered to produce vaccines themselves. This article highlighted the necessity of other countries having that ability as the U.S. simply could not support the demand for vaccine if a pan-demic broke out. We must empower other countries with technology to create vaccines; that would be being a good global citizen

I am somewhat mixed on this I do believe that Climate change is a grave threat and there needs to be some government intervention to spur the market. These measure seem to strong and put the government strictly in areas it should not be

I'm generally against regulation. I have to say that my expertise is not in stock markets or financial regulation. It is therefore slightly hard for me to follow these points. Generally, I agree with the notion that lower regulations will increase competitiveness. 

For too long politicians have been only faced with the easy questions from their would be constituents. Difficult questions at the beginning drives more accountability to the people after the elections.

I was generally against the idea of an added tax, but this article has convinced me that it is not a tax and therefore I agree that the deposit should be returned to the people (through the government) who did not return the bottle. 

If a politician turns out to be deeply corrupt he should not be celebrated. I believe that the name on the airport should go and the article does not really convince me otherwise. 

One  wonders why there has to be deal sweetners in the form of money, payouts and promised projects even with developments that will provide significant benefits to the society. This should not be the case.


I disagree with the notion that a hospital should be propped up the government. It should a be allowed to fail like any other sector of the economy. 

Never really thought about it, but I can see how this is beneficial in both dealing with this company directly, and also setting an example for others across the nation.

Providing waivers for individuals who have been arrested for misdemeanors or felonies is a great idea and should be pursued farther by the military, especially among younger criminals. This could be an opportunity to really turn their lives around. 

I think pelosi has no right being there. But I see the authors motivation

I'm normally for anything that hurts abortion clinics, but that is too much. Privacy is vital to the American public.

On some things I agree with Mr. Giuliani, states should decide what flags fly at their capital buildings, but on others I disagree and can see how others would feel that he is not dedicated to anything. 

Those who are already receiving medicare do not seem to need further subsidies. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

North Korea has and will be an ongoing problem. I have no predictions for how things will end with them. 

Our system is broken sadly. But that doesn’t mean it isn’t fixable. 

I’m on the fence, I have read the labels on vaccinations and I vaccinate slowly and with huge caution myself. 

I feel like there should be caps on how long anyone can serve in any political job. 3 decades of one person running a certain part of any governmental position is too long no matter how many supporters they have. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I like both bill ideas, but in this case I can see how the Republican bill with its narrow focus would be easier to implement and therefore easier to achieve. Maybe simple goals to that are able to achieve the greater goal should be the plan. 

People may be upset but wouldn’t they be thankful if it fouled an attempt at blowing up the plane they are on? 

If it's true that colleges are catering to rich students that's a disturbing trend

I feel like a wave over $100,000 a year is a fair wage for a judge. But I also understand their desire to make more. It’s a hard line to travel to keep them happy while still maintaining a fair wage. 

Republicans having a solid plan and the Dems actually mucking it up.

This editorial challenged me to think about children's access to books that contain words that are perhaps too mature for children. I support expanding vocabulary and I support children calling items and body parts and all things by the proper name of the thing, not some contrived perceived softer version of the thing. On the other hand, I do not feel that young children should be introduced to genitalia in a children's book unless the purpose of the book is a lesson in anatomy. 

It is clearly outlined in the editorial that  government spending is far from under control in N.Y. The selection process for the projects being funded is equally flawed.

The haphazard way in which public funds is allocated leaves much to be sesired.

The editorial seems to suggest that the US should have the ultimate say in how other nations control their own internal conflicts. This cannot be the end in itself considering that all is not well at home either.

I have to say I knew nothing about this, and while I am against Illegal immigrants receiving any benefits, this is wrong. 

I did not realize this, and it is a good point. Perhaps those systems are not working as well as expected.

The editorial uncovers a series of unethical misdeeds that is appalling 

The powers of the US does not extend only to earth but also to space as well?

I often supported Kevorkian. I thought this article painted another side. 

Abortion should not be an issue of choice except in cases where it threatens the life of either the mother or the foetus.

Family members of an incapacitated human should have the right to say when a plug should be pulled. Though at some point of years of living an unconscious life there should be laws in place to protect the incapacitated persons right to live/die. 

The editorial is uncovering the somewhat uncanny undertone in dealing with immigrants and the attempts at using legislation to solve the problem. I believe that problem can only be solved with conviction of the law enforcers.

The editorial suggests that foreign aid is primarily to earn goodwill for America. How then can a programme for goodwill take precedence over spending on major issues such as terrorism that threaten national security?

The editorial does a good job of highlighting both sides of the equation and what the role needs to be for each of the affected governements...The US and Iraq. It provides a very objective view on the discussed issues.

This editorial challenged me think about international law and it's effectiveness. I hadn't given it much thought before. As with all law, I think international law should be written precisely, minimizing loopholes, and fairly

My first thoughts were that drug dealers should be given the full extent of the law irrespective of whether they are minorities or not. However, as the editorial points out, if this is happening without the school children being protected, then there are no benefits there.

Transparency and more deliberation may be required but at the end of the day, the city should not turn over the almost prime time exclusive access to the wealthy private schools. This is setting the wrong precedence.

The anti-vax arguments are rather weak but I don't think we should be dismissive of parental input

Some pretty interesting insight into the rich-poor gap but nothing earth-shattering

This editorial strongly challenged me to think about the right to demonstrate in public places, specifically in a public park. The editorial mentioned that groups were willing to pay a bond to cover any damage; I think that is the way to go. The public pays, through taxes, for public spaces and it should have a right to peaceably assemble in those places

The interpretation of the Second Amendment as right to bear arms in relation to militia service is new and noteworthy information to me. I was not aware of that interpretation and its enforcement

This editorial challenged me to think about students' freedom of speech and where I stand on the issue. I do not support student's saying or wearing things that are offensive to other groups; however, with that stance, who decides what is offensive?

The editorial provided me with new or and noteworthy information about the candidate selection process in N.Y., specifically that the process differs for Republicans-- primary winner gets all the delegates-- versus Democrats-- delegates are awarded proportionally, by Congressional districts. Is one way better than the other? Why are there different selection processes for the parties? Is there a better way, for candidates and for voters?

Why should areas already designated for affordable housing be subject later on to being sold at market value? The editorial also made no recommendations as to how the affordable housing law can be enforced.

The editorial provided me new and noteworthy information on the alternative tax and tax shelters that caused me to rethink my position on taxes that the super-wealthy are required to pay. Before I wasn't sure if just  because some one makes more he or she should pay more. Now, I am convinced that the wealthy should pay a percentage in taxes that is equivalent to what others pay. The loopholes and tax-breaks available to the superrich seem unfair to me.

The editorial shows that free speech is not always free. When expressing an opinion, one needs to be careful that it does not lead to his career demise.

I do not agree that legislation should be introduced to manage consumer debt. What is required is an education of the consumers and the opportunity to increase their earning potential so they are not perpetually in debt.

This editorial challenged me to think about limits on campaign financing. Before, I had not given much thought to the issue. The editorial provided new and noteworthy information to me that the richer the candidate the more likely he or she is to win. Haven't yet decided if I am for or against campaign finance limits, and not sure how the public funding of campaigns, mentioned in the editorial, would go

This piece suggests the budget process is a farce. Is this really the case? Where is the accountability?

Can the state's budget be a farce? 

The editorial is suggesting that the entire budget process is fabricated, a farce just to satisy a process that the budget was done. This seems almost unreal in a state such as this.

Making the requirements for eligibility more stringent is not a bad thing, especially when the legitimate persons should be able to easily meet the new criteria. 

I normally am against pay raises, but in this case, it may be a great incentive.

This editorial somewhat challenged me with the idea of putting initiatives before the voting public to decide upon or electing lawmakers and judges to make decisions in the stead of lawmakers. Before reading this article, I tended to think that initiatives should be put before the voting public. Now, I see how putting many initiatives before the voting public can be burdensome to voters. Perhaps, putting the power and authority in the hands of elective lawmakers and judges is a better way

Alcohol has no place on public transportation. 

Bush did keep around some of his people that perhaps did not deserve to stay in the White House.

This editorial challenged me to think about No-fault divorce, if I am for them or not. From the editorial, it seems that no-fault divorces are provide when the divorce is mutual. If the idea to divorce is mutual and not the case that one party can request a divorce and get it, I support no-fault divorce. 

The editorial challenged me to think about my stance on the War in Iraq. It seems, from the editorial, that the administration lied and continued to lie about the reasons for the war. Turns out the war really was unneccessary

I thought that space exploration was sort of a leisure pursuit, to be employed when more humanitarian efforts have been adequately funded. The editorial provided new and noteworthy information that challenged my stance on space exploration; specifically NASA's discovery of asteroids that "might be potentially hazardous". The discovery of asteroids that could strike the earth and efforts by NASA to divert the asteroids are indeed worthy of funding and should not be relegated to the real, of leisure science, to be funded after more humanitarian efforts have been funded. Saving lives of thousands or millions of people that might be struck by an asteroid or impacted by its strike is indeed a humanitarian effort

A state such as NY should have the power to change laws in their favor

I never thought of this kind of idea but it’s great. 

The editorial provides details into the problem, it's effects and the solutions. It is quite convincing that fees are the way to go towards problem solving.

Very good perspective on the recycling bill. This piece makes it clear as to why corporations and business entities would object the bill.

The writer provides sufficient information  to suggest a direct link by the legal and the justice systems to influence election outcomes. It influences the readers thought into the extent politicians are willing to go for a win.

Great perspective on the other side of the issue. It challenges the reader's original thoughts on the issue.

A great perspective on health insurance and the perceived ills. 

The double standard nature  of politicians is clearly outlined.

pretty good editorial about specific power plant safety breakdowns

Until the industrial powers step up and make an impact in environmental preservation, smaller cities should continue doing as they are.

i guess sometimes taxes really do work as policy tools...

Yes, immigration reform needs an overhaul, but the measures being proposed are by no means problem solving.

Because of the potential dangers that comes with drinking, it should not be allowed on the trains. The trains and subways are a confined space and the results can prove disastrous if even a small percentage of the commuting public overindulges in drinking and then engage in drunken behaviour.

I wouldn’t think things like this need regulations but the arguments presented convinced me

Is it deliberate that politicians do this? Or is it because they spend too much time earlier in their tenure majoring on the minors  and fullfilling election day promises to their interest groups that major issues such as this do not get addressed until the end?

You can go too far with religion in politics

How can something as transparent as education spending be so seemingly difficult to allocate? Why do legislators fear the sabotage of a budget gridlock so much?

It is important to not offend other nations with ones religious convictions, but at the same time, one shouldnt be made to change thier stance to accommodate others. At the end of the day, it is also unclear as to whether the emblem is the major reason for Israel's exclusion from the Society.

These are some good points. I support the patriot act, but not an extension like this.

It was a good idea, but the article is right. The cut was terribly written, being too broad allows for too much.

I'm all for doing what must be done. However, covering up those crimes...not so much.

Whilst it is quite ok to embrace diversity in religious life, if an institution (or country) is founded upon particular principles (or religion) then it should have the right to display the tenets of that religion in its public space. This does not take way from the religious diversity that exists as they are not mutually exclusive.

There is no evil in an individual making his opinions and convictions known throughout his political life. This editorial does not show how Mr Bush was creating division by the sentiments he conveys on gay marriages.

I agree that the stance taken by Mr Ahcroft was not constitutional and he may have acted out of turn in his decision. I do not however agree with the writer that this issue of assisted suicide should be one imposed on all states as a good thing. Too many of the cons of this practice are not discussed in this article.

It is for the last example that punitive damage awards/punishment cannot be left to the dictates of the court. There needs to be stricter and more direct references in place to govern these rulings.

The bigger issue here is the administration's inability to deal effectively with the issue of illegal immigrant workers. Unless that is effectively addressed, hiring sites should not be used as smokescreens.

Had not thought of it this way, but it makes sense.

I'm normally against this idea, but they bring up some valid points.

Normally I am against NASA, however this is a good thing to spend money on, and should be.

I do not agree that the problem of shortage of nurses should not be addressed through international sourcing. This should be done in tandem with fixing the local situation at home.

