River restoration is nice, I suppose.

I was saddened to hear about the sexual abuse and assault happening to people who thought they were going to receive help. How can we protect other when people in power become animals?

This article was another sad story about poorly tended to American treasures. Another case of there are too many people to hold responsible so let’s not hold anyone responsible at all while the situation just gets worse.

The article sites faulty equipment and faulty information that in their misdirection cost the lives of several firefighters. It just implie we need better info and equipment maintainence. 

I didn't have an opinion in the beginning and by the end, I was kind of confused.

This editorial did not feature anything not worthy that supported or opposed my stance. It can be painfully obvious sometimes that our "vote" doesn't really make that much of a difference. 

I had no idea that ATM voting machines or optical scanner machines were even options. I think if people want to fake votes etc, no matter the machine we use they will find a way. 

It seems that with out power and influence no one wants a position that would receive so much of the publics scorn etc if mistakes are made. 

When it comes to environmental issues it is so damaging for the beaurcpatic wheels to barely turn as our heath, earth, and people suffer. 

I had no opinion on this subject prior so it didn’t affect me either way. 

I had no stance on this issue before reading the article but I am sad to learn about the books and fiscal mismanagement. 

A mostly conclusory editorial with some inflammatory remarks. It was preaching to the choir. 

Hospitals need some form of accountability to show that they are effectively taking care of their patients and providing them with the best and most quality care.  

Information I am already privy too, but it is true.

I think that in some ways it is important for the US to take an interest in foreign affairs but often time the US creates issues or does things particularly for their own personal advancement, as an entity rather than for the people. 

Nothing new to me in this particular article. Most checkpoints are well marked, and it is common knowledge among the people at the time to stop for all checkpoints.

I found the editorial difficult to read.  It makes assumptions rather points and I was irritated by the writer's style and ridiculous similes.

Anthrax takes time to ID, so that may be a major flaw to this editorial. 

It demonstrated the importance of efficient public sector emergency services, which I agree with, but it also demonstrated how large government systems can be rife with inefficiencies.

The question this editorial raises is what level of cronyism is acceptable. It's almost a given that friends and associates of a person in a high position are going to benefit. The question truly is how much of this behavior is acceptable. 

Separation of church and state is one of America's core governmental tenets. That 21st-century Kentucky and Texas choose to put those tenets in jeopardy is not surprising.

I agree but found nothing new here.

I basically agree with this but didnt find anything really new in it.

I agree with the point, but there was nothing new here to reinforce my point of view. 

While I agree with the writer's position on these particular nominees, filibustering seems to be a vicious cycle. Both parties use it to delay legitimate appointment processes.

The issue of supporting governments with less-than-stellar records of democratic governance is thorny. In the case of Kyrgyzstan, military utility took a back seat to ideology. This is the unfortunate but sometimes necessary compromise that often needs to  (...)

I was not previously aware of the project, so did not have a stance before reading.

I don't disagree that firefighters are heroic and need support but I didn't find anything new in this.

I have mixed feelings about the NYT. This tried to showcase their good side but it didn't especially convince me. Why is this better than another charity?

The space program represents a very small percentage of the national budget. It rarely makes news without significant discoveries or disasters. I'm relatively indifferent to the space program, honestly.

As a Californian, I really don't care how other states run their government.

My opinions have not changed since the last time I read this article for the previous annotation. 

This was so specific and focused that it didn't impact my thinking in the bigger picture.

This had a narrow focus but didn't give enough information -- it just expected the reader to accept statements at face value.

While it's true that some people can be racist, this editorial seems to leave things out. Was any real estate rejections based on last names alone or by appearance? There is not enough info from this editorial make any informed opinions on the topic.

My opinions have not changed since the last time I read this article in the previous editorial questions.

I agree with this. I didnt find anything new here.

I dont have views on this

I dont have a strong stance on this, so it's hard to convince me either way.

No new info for me personally, however it is wonderfully written.

This editorial is all over the place and totally lacks focus.  I don't disagree with its points but it definitely doesn't tell me anything new. 

I didn't have a stance on this issue. 

I don't find anything new here. Also, I agree with the assessment of Wolfowitz but not with the very rosy description of the world bank.

I didn't have a stance on this. Interesting article, though.

I'm not sure how I feel about this issue. There aren't a lot of details in this.

I didn’t really have an opinion on this. 

I didn’t have an opinion on this before reading. 

I disagree with this. Hate the idea that America is responsible for solving Asia's dilemmas. 

I am strongly in favor of giving more foreign aid, but found this article's tone condescending and smug. Also i think it puts too much emphasis on what other western countries will think of the us.

I didn't find new information here.

I disagree about turning to the UN to deal with Iran. I basically disagree with the article so had to choose that it neither challenges nor reinforces  

This definitely needs to be changed, if it hasn't been so already.

We are already in debt. Can we afford that 0.7?

I neither agree or disagree with this article. While I think institutions should always pick the most qualify employees, I don't think that the World Bank has done anything good, nor the people who the author picked would do a good job. 

While I think that every government should have checks and balances, I only vaguely understand the politics of Iraq.So this editorial cannot challenge or reinforce my stance since I don't have one.

I disagree with this editorial and find it leaves out key facts.

Seems like a good thing.

Perhaps they shouldn’t kill animals in such large numbers. 

I’m just hoping love remains love.

I read teh article several times, but couldn't decipher the points it was trying to make.

I have no prior knowledge of this or opinion.

A government shouldn't have a say in who can live or die whether it's on a state or federal level. While this editorial showed there is a slippery slope in this topic, it neither challenged or reinforced my stance.

Since my stance on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is that both sides have cause problems for the other, this editorial neither challenged or reinforce my stance on this conflict.  

The ethnic strife in former Yugoslavia speaks more to the the history of the groups involved vying for power more so than to the UN's peacekeeping ability. 

I knew that Mr. Pataki had a mixed record in the state of New York. This editorial, in agreeing with Pataki's decision not to seek a fourth term, jibes with my view of the correct course of action.

As the editorial states, courtroom testimony is often supposed to serve a therapeutic purpose, it often backfires. That it did not in this case made for a feel-good story.

The editorial rightly lauds the peace process compromises made by Sharon and Abbas, but also rightly expresses concern about the peace process going forward in light of the electoral battles both faced from hardliners in their respective constituencies.

I disagree with this. It also feels overly optimistic.

NASA is always pitting its need for safety (and the potential negative publicity headaches associated with it) with a constrained budget. It also alludes to the inward-looking nature of the American government as opposed to international cooperation.

I agree but found nothing new here.

I disagree with this, I think John Bolton was over criticized.

I disagree and find this naive. So it doesn't challenge or reinforce my views.

The politics and financial interests of rebuilding at the World Trade Center site were fated to be difficult to navigate. This editorial simply illustrates that point, with both private and public sector benefits and shortcomings.

While Saddam Hussein was certainly not an admirable leader, the Iraq aftermath of his ouster is likely bloody and will do nothing to ease ethnic and religious tensions. His trial is almost beside the point.

Meh.

The issue of pollution in China is certainly worth paying attention to on a global scale. It does not lend itself to ideological considerations.

I agree with this but it didn't give me any new information.

I agree that cronyism is a problem. But nothing really new here. 

This feels really dated now! Neither challenged nor reinforced.

The idea of this tower was perhaps the greatest sign of respect any American has ever shown for the victims of 9/11.

I don't especially agree with this. Neither reinforces nor challenges me.

I agree with this, but didn't find anything new in it.

This editorial touts the benefits of reverse mortgages. I believe they are a disaster. 

I didn't have a stance on this. So this neither reinforced nor challenges me.

I never understood what mad cow was so I have no opinion on this.

I like the sentiment here but it feels too out of date.

I don't have strong views on this.

I guess I didn’t understand it

I basically agree but found nothing new here. 

I don't really have a stance on this issue.

I don't have a stance on this.

I don't know enough about the farm trade around the world to have a stance about it. But I think that the US should put itself first before it tries to help others around the world.

I didn't really see a point to agree or disagree with here.

I didn't have a stance on this issue.

This article is so specific to its time and place that it is hard to relate to now.

This article is too specific and I found it impossible to relate to.

I agree with the idea that when it comes to selecting who will be elected, both parties should take their time and investigate thoroughly.

Public always has a right to know where someone stands politically before they get appointed to any office.

zzzz

next

My stance remains the same, that the nuclear capabilities of these foreign powers should be controlled by the UN.

Figures don't lie and liars figure. 

Wake me up when you do something and you're finished talking about doing something.

meh

While I think it's horrible that the NYC transit workers had a walkout, I honestly don't have a stance either way on this topic.

I try to keep religion separate from politics, else situations like this occur. 

meh

If you don't want the government making broadcasting decisions, don't take government money. Why is that so hard for people to understand?

Accurate school record-keeping is crucial but not an issue which lends itself well to a partisan analysis. However, states manipulating data to misrepresent school realities to the federal government is worrisome. 

I think more need to be done with air pollution and that it's unfair that many people have to deal with out of state air pollution. However, I don't know if suing people will work as the editorial seems to believe. 

The editorial is likely from a conservative-leaning writer, as it describes Medicaid cuts as "brave." Additionally, I disagree with its deficit concerns. Many jurisdictions successfully run deficits. 

My view is and always has been that fixing the economy is now beyond our grasp. The only logical thing to do is to try a reset. It will hurt, but it will give the USA a second chance.

Administration sticking their heads in the sand and/or trying to change the answers they get from studies to better suit their agenda is nothing new. 

Campaigns are often ugly and politicians resorting to cheap shot attacks is not new. In this case, the editorial calls for a higher civility which will likely never materialize.

I was aware of the problems that mentally ill inmates confront, including large rates of solitary confinement. New York's proposal, as the editorial opines, is a humane one.

The internal power of state attorneys is often a political hot potato. That the Connecticut attorney situation is ripe for reform is not a surprise, and should be closely considered, as the editorial advises.

Zzz

Very poetic piece but I really didn't see anything editorial...

Meh

Honestly, I feel like this article is very one sided and the author pretty much focused on slandering a religion that may or may not actually benefit from oil money. 

The First Amendment has to be one of the most complex areas of the law. It seems like both sides usually have extremely valid arguments.

It looks like this person wants to turn the MTA subway into a police state...

This editorial seemed to skip around a lot...

I feel that if taxes are to be raised it should reflect the earnings of the people. There should not be that much of a gap in the Social Security program. 

I dont have views on this

It definitely does seem that there would have to be an adjustment in borders for Israel and the Palestinians for peace. I do give Bush kudos for trying to reach a peaceful agreement for all.

I see both sides to this. His plan is simple and may work, also his attempt to do it the easy way may back fire and leave them even further in the lurch.

I really don't have a stance on editorials being written about the different regions in the US, so this editorial neither challenged or reinforce anything for me.

I really have no stances on how New York City runs their metro stations as I don't really know enough about it to form an opinion. 

I really don't have an opinion on how the state of New Jersey runs its government as I don't know enough about any problems the state might have at this point in time.

While I think that its good to reduce mercury levels, this editorial didn't challenge or reinforce any stance I have as I don't know enough about the technologies that are able to reduce mercury levels in the environment. 

I found this article interesting but still didnt change or challenge my stance

I dont think that you should possibly put people in harms way just to make some profit.

While it's quaint for places to be like it was prior to the industrial revolution, but I have no stance on this topic.

Other countries cannot be controlled as much as the United States and the United Nations may try. Things that happen in Iran are concerning but we aren't able to control what actions others take. 

I never had a stance where the different boroughs of NYC dump their trash, in fact, I always assumed their was at least one center in each of the boroughs. This editorial neither challenged or reinforced any of my stances since I didn't have one in the fir (...)

I don't know enough about this situation to have a stance. In fact, I don't think the editorial did a good job in explaining the situation to do those of us who have no stance on the matter.

Sadly America as a whole still struggles with fitting people into little compartments. The government can make laws regarding it but it won’t stop until people as a whole shift thief thinking. Racism isn’t a political thing it’s a people thing. 

I had no idea that the FBI and CIA had such trouble communicating between the two agencies. It seems obvious that open lines of communication between the two organizations would help the country.

I have never really had very strong feelings regarding nuclear weapons. I have trouble understanding why its okay for the powers to have it and others not to. I think its harmful. 

I really don't know much about New York politics to make a stance on this issue, even though it would be nice to see a few Republicans elected in the state government. 

I don't know much about New York state poliitics to have a stance either way with this editorial. I don't have an opinion on the candidates that this editorial supports.

I did not support Gonzales being the attorney general for all of the mentioned reasons and more. 

I don't have a stance on this editorial as I don't know enough about the candidate and the guy who had the job before him.

The issue of immigration reform has always been a "political tool" used by both sides of the political divide to win elections. There is no is easy fix they will soon admit, and then literally do very little (outside of talk) to make any real changes.

Public officials are not always chosen based on merit, track-record or qualification. The selection/ nomination of some of these officials is often times a cause for concern.

They can take all the precautions they can think of but terrorists will still cause terror and do damage wherever and whenever they can. 

The country as a whole needs to make some common sense changes as far as savings goes. These changes won’t come easily, but it needs to happen. 

I think the description of the FEMA volunteers as cronies etc is so unfair. So many people volunteer to help and just because they don't know what they are doing doesn't mean that they arent doing it for the right reasons. Maybe they needed better training (...)

The editorial assumes the reader already knows intimately the topic being discussed so didn't bother to explain certain components of the workings, for example, of the private accounts. Additionally, at the end of the day, the solution to any fiscal proble (...)

I don’t really have a stance on this. 

Most officials are wishy washy and say what they need to to suit the purposes of the person asking. They want votes and will do anything sometimes to keep them. 

Voting is a constitutional right and it shouldn't matter if you have the money to buy an ID card or not. Several other options of identification should be accepted. 

The things our soldiers had to deal with in Iraq are disturbing, the things the people of Iraq lived with are disturbing. I can’t imagine the fear both had to deal with daily. 

Yet another editorial about Prs. Bush keeping his friends close, even when he says he needs progressive independent people. 

During the time of Katrina helping the people overcome such a tremendous lost should have been the first thing on everyones mind. The GOV. should have stepped up and really helped the little guys in that situation.

I believe stem cell research is a viable form of research that this nation is not taking advantage of. 

As I have no connection to New York, I felt it was difficult to feeling persuaded one way or another. I am often apathetic to nonsense politics as I've experienced them all my life. 

I don't agree with this article for myself, personally.

The events in Turkey are awakening as it could be that way in America if things continue along the path they are. 

I really have no stance on this. I fully support America in assisting Africa and other countries to get on their feet but keep in mind America is trillions of dollars in debt (maybe more) and you can’t get milk from a turnip. 

I really do not have much of a stance on this. I don’t feel like religion and government mixes well, and it’s not our place to tell other countries what to do. 

I have no stance on this. 

Criminals will be criminals whether we reinforce gun laws or not. Allstricter gun laws do is make it more difficult for law abiding citizens to exercise their right to bare arms. 

I feel quite indifferent about French politics and was therefore uninterested. 

He failed to provide anything about Bush that was new or noteworthy. 

Public officials should be made to be accountable for their actions while in office. This should be whether or not they have since demitted office. Let them resign/retire but persecute them non-the-less.

I think that our justice system in this country is very wrong. 

This doesnt change my views 

I think that if more information became available you would see that a lot of these people are doing things wrong.

I really have no opinion on this matter. 

This doesn't change my views on anything.

I think that there should be laws when it comes to voting. It should all be done a certain way and the same way every time. No exceptions.


I really have no opinion about this.

I think that this new panel for the drug administration is a great idea. Hopefully, this will help with the prescription drug problems in the world. Its amazing to me that the doctors feed you these drugs but the side effects are crazy. 

Good comprehensive look at all the candidates

Many people in the workforce do not understand savings, 401k or any other terms in this editorial. Peoples parents are teaching them this, and no one else is either.

This editorial made my head hurt

I'm no conspiracy theorist but its worrisome how loudly some people complain about voter ID laws

Zzzz

Allowing immigrants to enter the US through legal channels should be an obvious choice for anyone in the government. 

We live in a country where free speech should be supported. I agree with the idea that we need to disclose who we are representing when we speak, and that some things that we say may have repercussions. 

Didn't even mention the First Amendment

Why do government agencies hire individuals who already have bad reputations to do jobs that are so vitally important to the American people. 

Extreme nationalism is dangerous but it so rarely takes root that I don't get bent out of shape over it

Quite the love fest for Bernanke..


Pretty conclusory stuff...

My stance remains the same. Hussein was committing genocide on a horrific level. IF nothing else, at least the USA helped make the world a safer place for many people.

More of an opinion piece, my stance is whoever does best for NYC, should stay in office. Simple as that.

No new or noteworthy information involving my stance. The laws have changed so much since then, it's hard to believe at one time this country actually made an attempt at being moral.

I am torn on the subject of divorce. I do not believe in divorce personally but i do believe that people should have the ability to get a divorce quickly and cheaply especially if there are kids involved. 

The tax system in the USA is in major need of an overhaul. This article only goes to prove that for me.

I found no new or noteworthy information.

This article didn’t present any new information that affected my opinion. 

This editorial felt contrived to me. Watching television shows, or sports broadcasts are not what make us feel connect to the world. We are not creating an island based on our own preferences. There are other things happening in the world besides the final (...)

This editorial didn’t affect my stance on our border security.

I find it curious that the editorial hints at a link between the pesticides and the lobster die off, but doesn't wonder about what consequences those pesticides could have on the other wildlife, including humans in the area. The poisoning doesn't just stop (...)

Steps taken to help create an opportunity for all residents to vote whether in state or not is a fair move and well deserved.

Holding on to traditions and keeping things that remind us of our past are important and should be respected, but in this situation i think that they should have tried both. It could have saved money that could have went else where. 

I think in a case like this with 5 years of research soon to be published it is important to wait and see what the consequences of using the pollutants in the area would be for everyone involved, including the deer. 

I think it is potentially a good idea to create a senior living area on a college campus. Before making a decision i think it is important that they look at other areas that have done it successful and explore what issues they may face. 

This editorial made me think of how difficult it must be for an official who is not a part of the group to be allowed to move up. This guy needs to get back to his community and keep things going there like I am sure he promised. 

It’s infuriating that people give so little caring about the environment, anything to make a quick dollar. 

I think the states fiscal mess is something the state should deal with and that Union leaders are meant to support the peoples best interest. 

I really have no stance on this outside of feeling like the government shouldn’t be involved in building new sports stadiums. 

This has not changed my mind on the need for our country make nice with other countries.

No new information in this article for me. 

I don’t think Americans will ever really be safe.

No new information for me, and unfortunately I am not a resident of the Big Apple, so little to no effect either.

It kind of sounds like the guy doesn’t plan on changing anything but I don’t really have a stance on it I guess.

I think it is a huge waste of money either way, and a waste of space and resources that would be better used to help out the beleaguered MTA.

They were rough on Bush but that distracted from the point for me.

I am for politicians who don't just say what they're going to do to win elections, but actually do them.

It just stated that two candidates are both running with this issue in mind.

I didn't really feel much from it.

It didn't really speak to me.

This doesnt change my views

This is wrong that powerful people can abuse their powers to harm others

I think that this is good

This doesnt change my views on anything

You should always be able to get the help that you need from your country if you find yourself arrested. 

I think that the funding should be available to find cures for these lifelong diseases.

I think that it is important for there to be funding to find cures for lifelong illnesses.

This is just politics, only someone who is incredibly naive or foolish would believe that US would send $B in aid when there are so many other things to take care of back at home.

Providing support to individuals or countries on particular issues, does not guarantee that they will support you on other issues when your need arise. Issues of development in Africa are always glorified issues to discuss but oftentimes begs for serious a (...)

America is a complex country, the objections to gay marriage (an abortions) come from religious reasoning.  Religion has no place in government, however politicians fear an electorate largely made up of religious zealots.

Perhaps it is a positive symbol, but coyotes are also well adapted to scrounging throughout even the biggest cities. Preserving farmland is a homeland security issue, self reliance is a necessity should another world war break out.

Too much power for one man, that is why we have the Assembly. Asserting his dominance is the least of his concerns.

This is an old article, nowadays practically every student graduating high school is expected to go to college whether or not they are academically gifted.  This has left us with an entire generation of people who expect more from life than they can actual (...)

Which ever lobbyist pays most wins, this is how US politics is operated.  Until lobbying is outlawed it will never change.

I’m not sure if it challenged or not. If we have an oil supply, why are gas prices going up every time we tick someone off?!

America should work with decomcracies

I don’t understand how this is news.

I think they make too much money with too many bonuses and too much power

I'm not clear on what point is trying to be made by this article

I have no knowledge or opinion on the subject of this article.

I thought this editorial was really going to move me but it seemed to fall flat

I didn’t have any opinion on this beforehand. 

Sound and fury signifying nothing

Good reform roadmap about an issue I don't particularly care about

Next....

I think that it is very important to keep up the roads, parks, etc.

I think that this is a good idea

This does not change my views on anything

The Green Choice program is a good, smart idea

I think that it is very important to support the space exploration plan.

Well, I don’t know what to say. I’ve always felt that it was really a tragedy and I struggle with how to say this. The Titanic was supposed to be unsinkable and its failure taught us how to build better ships.

I don't believe international aid to foreign countries has a benefit anywhere near its cost.

I don’t really have an opinion on this. 

I believe stem cells come from the umbilical chord and I donated my son’s. If it can help someone then I guess I don’t see the harm but I don’t understand science well enough to get this from either angle.

The 'security' measures implemented focused on the wrong targets and did little to prevent further attacks.

Gas prices confuse me. 

All this past rhetoric and thought essentially did nothing.

I don’t have an opinion on this. 

I have no knowledge of or opinion on Nigeria.

Unfortunately terrorists of today tend to look Arab or South Asian.  Searching the backpacks of people matching this description is not racial profiling, it's just increasing the chances of finding a terrorist.  

I just have no opinion on Turkish law in Turkey.

I’m sorry I just don’t understand 401k stuff. Maybe if my husband gets a job with benefits or we get out of debt and can start saving, but right now we are more in the in over our heads category. I was back then too, only with way bigger problems.

I didn’t have a stance to support or sway but I see why they are doing it.

I don’t watch sports and I have a three year old. Daniel Tiger gets predictable after a while anyway and I don’t have time to care about spoilers.

When you use inflammatory words like "unconscionable" and buzzwords like "family friendly" you lose me.

Meh

My math isn't too good but if you spend 33 percent on abstinence doesn't that leave 66 percent for condoms? And isn't abstinence and fidelity two thirds of the ABC doctrine this writer embraced?

I still think it should have been left alone and made a monument but they are removing a lot of monuments now.

I think this is environmental. Maybe it’s job related. I think it was trying to be cute about it though.

I have never had the pleasure of visiting a full service gas station. Must be nice to have that to complain about.

Pluto was official classified a dwarf planet on 2006.

Why aren’t we funding more wind and solar power?

I’m confused 

Politicians in the US will always be afraid of the backlash of an electorate largely made up of religious zealots.

Old news, and no longer an issue.

I already thought English only was kinda xenophobic...

Public money should be used sparingly to support professional sports but $10 million is peanuts

Commuter trains must be a northeast thing...

Snore

I do not have a hard stance on this. It really seems like a lot to spend on a monument though. Our country is in massive debt and they just keep going deeper and deeper. 

Most members of the Republican party rejected the nomination and Samuel Alito was the nominee who eventually became the Associate Justice.  

Bernanke succeeded Greenspan and was the best choice.

Many of the scenarios painted in the post 911 era were straight out of Hollywood movies rather than based in reality.

I guess I don’t see why it matters how campaign funds are used as long as it’s legal.

I don’t understand how the dollar gets weaker.

Its exasperating that a government's only solution to any problem is taxation.

I guess I don’t have a stance 

This didn’t provide any new information that affected my opinion one way or another. 

Ultimately, international reaction to the trial, did nothing to prevent Pamuk from being found guilty.

Instead of income tax, force people to save into a 401K that cannot be drawn against.

This was really well written!

I can't even believe that they didn't have a no-fault divorce

Same article as number 80.

The freedom tower was built and the downtown area's usage has not changed that much from pre 9/11 so what did these talks actually achieve?

I can’t tell if “housekeeping” is a euphemism for fraud.

This doesnt change my views

I don’t know what I would be taking a stance on. Nothing about this is okay.

But they did find their voice, and now we’re here again.

I have no strong stance on this matter aside from the facts that the reason our country is in so much debt is we have a government that will pay millions if not billions of dollars for a new football stadium but they don’t take care of the real problems. T (...)

I'm having difficulty understanding the point being made by this article.

I’m sorry I just don’t get this one.

It’s great when the government can help rebuild but we also need to do for ourselves as well. If you want to build something put in the time and make it happen. Don’t depend on the government to do it for you. 

Actually two planes hitting the twin towers is what created the current disaster 

Once again we come to a place where things need to be done suck as roadway upkeep but our government was likely spending money on some giant building that would be used a few times a year rather than properly allocate money. 

Whether there were weapons of mass destruction or not I believe we were already on the verge of war, 9/11 coupled with the declaration of weapons of mass destruction just pushed it over the edge. 

We have politicians who spends millions of dollars on campaigns... no wonder they can’t figure out common sense budgets for their respective city, state or country. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this subject,

I wasn't aware of this law, but I think if it is what the people want, then it should be left alone.

I was not aware of this initiative but it seems like a good idea.

I have no opinion on a gubernatorial candidate who didn't win an election 12 years ago.  Perhaps a more recent article about him being a congressman would be more appropriate. 

I have no opinion on electricity in Connecticut.

I feel that there is really no final solution in place for cleaning the river, so I am neither positively nor negatively affected. 

It is an issue I have little attachment to (city organization) and therefore have little interest.  

Simply put, I do not trust much of Isreal's motivations and therefore the arguments presented do not sway me much.

I do not understand why we would share any kind of nuclear technology with any other country. 

I do not have a particularly hard stance on this outside of the environmental one that we need to be mindful of the America we leave for our kids, and ensure our fresh water sources remain uncontaminated. 

I don’t really watch television and never have so I don’t have a particular stance on this. 

I am skeptical about companies and their true motives.  The agency, acting on the behalf of the American people, published a study that PCBs are dangerous to breathe in.  Yet there is doubt.  We should err on the side of safety.

The same old--same old in my opinion.  Violence begets violence and will not do anything for the Palestinians.  Abbas wants to change that but now the people will have to actually submit to a cease-fire.

I believe that everyone no matter where you come from or who you are should have a fair trial

I really have no views on this other then I think that there are tons of people in the world that are extremely overweight and that can not be healthy

I dont think that this plan is right. I think that each department should be in charge of there own departments.

I think that they need to figure out a better plan for the Afghan prisoners

I dont really have any thoughts on this

I agreed with most statements, not so much on others, but I like the bold and confident way it’s presented. 

This is a pet peeve, the government now requires us to carry insurance but there is no truly affordable insurance. If we can’t afford insurance we can’t afford the fines imposed due to not having it either. 

Madison Garden’s offer is lucrative for the city. The Jets’ are putting their business first over the city and people. 

Maybe that’s what the government needs is someone who will be strict with the budget and stay to it! 

I have no strong stance on this

It was a difficult situation for all the government involved. Handled poorly, but still, people were given the chance to leave if they so choose.

I think that they should require that any leftover campaign money be used to lower the debt of the country or the state. 

First I had heard of this, but I think it would have been, or perhaps was, a great decision. Keep the politicians away and it would do the whole country proud, not just the town itself.

No real opinion on the matter.

Perhaps with a steady hand, and a watchful eye, this bill could be beneficial. Not sure the government could ever provide that.

And yet, North Korea and South Korea are now at peace. Something must have worked.

Every now and then the state government does something so wonderful, there can be no opposition to it. This is a prime example.

No new or noteworthy info in this particular article.

I don’t really have a hard stance on this subject. 

As a whole our country needs to follow other countries lead and learn to manage our waste better. There are countries using trash to create clean power, why can’t America follow those models? 

Don't have an opinion regarding this particular matter.

I think that negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians have always been fraught with complications.  I think any move towards compromise is a good thing but I’m hesitant to believe any good will come out of it. 

I think that they should restore the area back to its natural glory.  This may be more costly and risky but it stimulates both the economy and environment. 

There is no information in this. We know that even if statesmen have good intentions, their livelihood often wins.  Look at what happened with the vocal politicians after Parkland. 

I didn’t have a stance back then. I was unaware that Bush’s administration was so hostile to the UN. 

I agree with the editorial but it provided no new information or a new viewpoint. 

The extra tax hasn’t stopped anyone from smoking.  In Chicago the tax on pop was repealed because of overwhelming resistance. However the tax on plastic bags has had a positive effect of people using reusable bags. 

I did not have a strong opinion about tort reform. Therefore the editorial was informative but it did not really challenge or reinforce any preconceived notions. 

I think it is hard for people to be able to separate their personal beliefs and how to follow, support, or ban laws. 

I had no initial stance that was challenged or reinforced by this editorial


Nothing new.  Politics have a way of shaping even the most nonpartisan of issues.  Politicians and municipalities have to stay away from this memorial.  

 Meh

I don’t really have an opinion on this. 

How is federal control supposed to fix underperforming schools?

What was the point of this editorial?

I don’t really have an opinion on this. 

It's kinda naive to think any commission is "independent" and the legislature still draws the lines anyway

Repeat

I already thought that the Russian economy was kinda messed up

Sometimes a cease fire is a good idea and so.sometimes it just leads to more violence

This seems to be the same editorial as the one right before this.

A conspiracy theory editorial

I don’t really have an opinion on this. 

Reinforced what I already know.  Peace is indeed a two-way street. 

Creating a government community where each individual feels represented and heard is an important part in recounciling differences in the Middle East 

I had no prior knowledge of these judicial nominations so the editorial could not challenge or reinforce my views. 

I'm in favor of stem cell research but against government funding. The editorial both reinforced my belief in stem cells and challenged me on the idea of government funding scientists. 

My belief in stem cell research was reinforced by my belief that government should not be funding it was challenged. I am still firm in both beliefs. 

I did not have an opinion on waste management in NYC or the different players involved before reading the article. After reading I am in favor of the plan. 

If we going to send jobs south, it is our duty to ensure that workers are protected against labor indignities. This reminds me of NAFTA. 

This was not about any certain stance. This was about how weather is out of our control—we did not bring the mugginess because of immoral behavior, etc. We need to take a deep breath and relish good weather. 

I was unaware of the situation and am not swayed either way because I did not have a stance. 

I don’t have an opinion on this.  The anti-Chinese stance has not been discarded today. 

It did neither.  I read this as an interesting anecdote about the Shuttle and although we encounter problems we have much success.  

The army needs to rethink their recruitment opportunities and success in order to maintain a strong force in the world. 

Hospitals are a necessity. Many people in our country use hospitals as their own form of medical care, no yearly check ups, no primary care doctors. Keeping hospitals running through funding is an important piece of our community welfare. 

I never paid too much close attention to the judicial procedures for another state. I feel that sometimes the calls are so far out of the hands of those who speak for the good of all, that the race is won before it even begins. 

It sounds as if NASA has gone from being a space exploring research focused entity to something that is allowed movement when politics give it the go. 

I never watched this show but everyone I know that have watched it have loved it and Tony's journey, especially my Italian friends. 

The editorial said a lot about what Ms. Rice should tell the Israelites etc but didn't not offer anything on how she should tell them so that they can hear, understand, and appreciate the value behind her words. Telling people to do things, even emphatical (...)

Setting up a fund, and pricing medical equipment is good, but letting people die for something that it is obvious they didn't do is a shame. The nations should do something, within the presiding legal system to help these individuals. 

This serves more as a warning for Sharon to not think his actions are not end all be all. 

Exemplification of a stalemate. The states can only act independently to a certain degree before the federal government steps in. 

I'm not sure of what the outcome was, however, whatever it was, it doesn't to appear that it worked...

Healthcare in the US is a shambles, the Bush Administration did little, Obamacare, although noble was naive and caused more damage than good. 

I have no knowledge of this subject.

We need to do better when it comes to making "friends" with the people from other countries. We should take into account how they treat the people of their own country

This doesnt change my views


I think that this situation was a tough one. I have mixed feelings about this topic. 

I understand that problems with illegal exchanges of copyrighted music. I understand that it is not fair to the artist. But I think that if you want to make it illegal you should make the tools to get the music illegal as well.

I dont think that businesses should be exempt.

Terrorists threats are a huge problem for all nations. I feel there needs to be something done. Just not sure how to tackle that issue

I think that all of these things should be put in place to protect us from terrorist attacks. I dont get why these people are fighting the security tatics.

I dont really have any thoughts about this

I dont have any views on this

I think that this bill is very important. These things should be available to women. It is a way to help children that are not wanted or planned to not be brought into this world. I am not a believer of abortion so this would be a helpful thing

I think that there should be measures in place to try to help protect the earth.

I think that it is great that he decided to not run again. 

We have to figure out something to be able to avoid another war.

I think that the Indians should get what is due. 

The justice system is flawed. I feel this young man should be held accountable for his actions. He could have killed this woman. I understand forgiveness but "you do the crime you do the time".

We need to do better in the fight of terrorism.

Peace talks need to happen sooner then later. 

I dont think that this storage plan is a good one.

I think that this a good plan for the space program

I think that it is very important that people try to protect the earth. No matter what the truth is about global warming or not. We should all work together to keep this planet clean and healthy.


I think that the government should help these people. They need to come up with some sort of plan that makes everyone happy.

I think that the government needs to be straight up with its citizens about the things going on. Not cover up or not tell the true details.

I did not have an opinion either way and do not know enough about Morgenthau to make a decision.  Generally however, I believe there should be term limits. 

This doesnt change any of my views


This doesnt change my views on anything

I found it interesting to hear about Weiner’s diplomacy in light of his current transgressions. I believe the law should be followed to a tee, and if they need to amend it to accommodate such situations, it will be better for future elections. 

I really have no views on this matter

After the attacks on 911 I think that it is very important to take this security matter seriously and keep the citizens of New York informed.

I totally agree that there should be elections in this country. I think that will drastically help them to be a better country.

We need to do what we can to protect the planet. 

I think that Europe should agree to the plan. It could be very helpful

I think that this plan is good. California is right on when talking about automobiles emissions. I think that other states should take this into consideration.

I really do not have any thoughts on this matter


Lots on honorable suggested bills, but I'm not sure of the point of this article.

This is a terrible man. I dont have much to comment on this matter.

I think that China needs to really investigate this event.

I think that these two need to have a meeting. I think that we somehow need to figure out a way to get along and help each other out

I think that these two need to come together and put some protections in place.

I really dont have much thought on this matter

This is not right and someone should be held accountable for the torture this man endured.

This doesnt change my views on anything

This is not ok that American soldiers, etc have an are tortured prisoners. They should be held accountable for their actions.

I agree with this plan. I think that this is only beneficial for the kids. It will only help to learn more, learn better. And also with the full day schooling, it allows some children to be put into better environments then their home lives for longer thre (...)

I dont really have views on this

This doesnt change my views

This seems to be the same as the editorial before. I don't have much to say about this.

I think that it is so important to make things easy for the wheelchaired bound people of NY. Public transportation is basically the main way that their people get around. They are still individuals and have every right to be able to get around easily.

This doesnt change any views for me

Judges should get paid what they deserve. This is so crazy the way things work in this country

I think that this good. I think that it good to try to improve this body of water. Its sad how careless we has humans are when it comes to taking care of our planet

I dont think that it is ok that these government officials are just able to find ways to hide money.

I dont have much to comment on this 

This doesnt change my views on anything

I dont have too many views regarding the stock exchange

Im not sure how I feel about this issue

Corruption is everywhere. We need to figure out a way to get it under control. I cant imagine the things that have yet to be brought to life.

Although I see my self as more of a democrat I can understand where this editorial is coming from when saying that a democratic majority can be difficult. We as a society need to be represented. 

When wondering about the ideology of the Pres. one only has to look as far as those he respects and chooses for important 

I believe there should be limits in campaign donations by all, including candidates.  It was interesting to note that there are Supreme Court Justices that believe those laws should be more lax. 

I had no opinion to Bernanke.  However this laid out info supporting his appointment and was convincing. 

I was already privy to this information.  

I was unaware that Bush’s administration covered up so much of the torture and according to this editorial, were complicit and responsible. 

I’m not very knowledgeable about this and thus had no stance. 

I was not aware of this and have no stance. 

I have no stance. 

I agree with this completely but it does not strengthen my argument. 

I have always supported this move. It's a fresh and perfect example of urban planning. 

Just read this same article in this list.

Transparency should be key when it comes to voting for a particular politician. The public should be informed of this information before hitting the booths. 

Cooperation between city officials and agencies are key, and to provide that should be one single leader.

In this situation it is hard to say which path would be right. I don't agree with being hard, hasty, or hostile. Somethings need time to simmer and the truth of the situation will come out. Iran may need the technology for what they say, they could have po (...)

This happens everywhere. 

This is the same editorial as the previous one. This happens everywhere unfortunately and the parties refuse to make this a nonpartisan issue. 

I agree to checking who is entering the country, but I don't feel it is necessary to check who is leaving. The VISA's issued by the US can be checked back up on to see if the person remained in the country. 

Bush got nailed for anything get did in the Middle East. It would be right for him to step in but his detractors would find fault either way. 

Mr. Wolfowitz has both admirable and shady parts to his history. He is working to help the poorest countries and change the way things are happening world wide. 

Mr. Spitzer talks the good talk of working for the people who put him the office, the voters not the lobbyist but his true colors have yet to be seen.

I’m not committed to a stance on Israel relations. 

I have no real opinion about the subject, but the editorial was resoundingly condescending.

I do not have much of an interest in such a topic. 

I found the article difficult to read and not able to pull out much an opinion. 

I get very frustrated with articles about ground zero because I still dont trust the government 100% about 9-11. 

The US will align with whichever government it feels supports its cause on the day, irrespective of that's government's political ideals. 

It didnt provide me with anything new about the conflict. 

I am of the view that as a nation we are not serious about gun reform. Too often we are just reactionary after a mass shooting or some other incident involving the indiscriminate use of guns. If things are to change, we have to get serious, much more than  (...)

I dont think it made much of an argument about anything.

No one cares that David Beckham is or isn't playing soccer in America or elsewhere. To say that the future of soccer in America rests on Latino immigrants is foolish. If more people were interested in soccer more people would play. Schools rarely off socce (...)

When the money is there people say don't spend it, or spend it judicially when there is not money people cry for more. Most are never satisfied. New York needs to show that they can effectively handle and distribute those fund appropriately. 

i dont feel the arguments presented pushed me in any direction

I have little opinion on the matter. 

I feel that NASA needs more support and this article doesnt do much to help or hurt NASA.

I have very little opinion about this political race and was unaffected by the arguments. 

Cutting safety standards to save money is always unacceptable. 

No new or relevant information affecting my political opinion.

Economy changes more often than I do.

I dont feel there is enough hard evidence to blame anyone here.

No new info for me.

I didnt feel there was a clear message in the editorial. 

i dont have much interest in Japanese politics. 

It appears to me that the University simply put in place the committee to look into the allegations only as a result of public pressure or the public's curiousity into how the University would handle the issue. It is not clear to me whether or not they wer (...)

I am not sure how much I trust the arguments - there is nothing too convincing.  

I didn’t have any opinion on this. 

It sounds like a lot of big talk and no action. We need to work harder to erase the damage that we have made to the earth. 

I can't stand by anyone who votes against contraceptives. 

Our voting practices are so easily messed with an un supportive of our actual votes. 

There is no reason for the local governments to have to match the federal gov. They are in a state of disaster, they need the support now just as much as FL or NY did during the disasters mentioned in the editorial.

I see no issue in allowing Sirius and XM to merge into one. I think if another satellite radio corporation wanted to come in they wouldn't have to work any harder to be seen and profitable than they would if it was two entities rather than one. 

The primaries should be rotated so that each gets to be first as the editorial states. 


The use of eminent domain to force out the little guys is a shame, and should not be allowed. 

Public transportation increase to the island certainly would be beneficial to all.

Just because an individual is an immigrant doesn't mean that they should be treated like animals. Their children are citizens and they need their parents here to keep them from need more care like mental health, health care, and housing. 

I believe that there should not be an estate or inheritance tax. This does not in any sense convince me otherwise. 

Globalization has taken the wages from the lower levels up the higher hands. I agree lower income families have low wages, that are just getting lower, and subpar schools. We need reform. 

I didn't feel very moved.

Potentially rejected presidential nominees is a continuing story, I don't even know why they bother making nominations that have no chance of being confirmed, perhaps it's just to fill up newspaper column inches.

Information I already knew. 

Doesn't really skew my mind.

Does not skew my mind.

Good news for sure!

No new information for me.

Iraq is finally getting a hold on her future. Apparently Bush did something right there.

The whole system is broken. Everyone bickering over temporary fixes just wastes more money.

Does not skew my views.

Did not skew my views.

I am unconvinced that things will get better for Iraq in the near future. 

I found it difficult to empathize and therefore felt little connection to the content. 

I didnt feel very persuaded - the state support of sport is a good thing. 

I disagree - "taking advantage of" only means that more people get a college education.  This is a win for the state. 

I dont agree that closing hospitals will help - I believe the problem begins with the fact that people are not insured. 

I feel this still misses the point of why are children are falling behind - it's the way our education culture is set up in the usa.

I feel unchanged because I do not have any connection to this political race.

This is a simply a fear-driven article.  Let the people in charge of this take cafe of it. 

I find it ridiculous that a company needs to submit a report each year that they have no illegals.  

The bottle bill needs to pass. It should help the environment and the community. 

I am not exactly sure if I am convinced by any arguments presented. 

American should only align themselves with foreign rulers who respect and uphold democracy. 

To be honest, I am tired of this, we are all aware that practically everything to do with the 'war on terror' has been a blunder.

Nothing new for me. 

No new or noteworthy info for me.

I agree the "pay as you go" plan should be abandoned.

This isn’t really anything about persuading a stance. This is just giving us the agenda for the day. 

I agree but there is no new information in this to support my stance. 

Tariffs shouldn’t be imposed but Medicaid and social security should not suffer. 

my views have not been changed

Someone needs to start thinking about realities.  This is just fear mongering nonsense. 

This explains what reform needs to take place to rid Albany of corruption. It stresses that politicians need to put partisan ideas aside to get rid of corruption. 

Hillary Clinton has always been a great stateswoman. This speaks well of her but does nothing to further convince me. 

We must measure progress by deadlines but we must set reasonable ones so that democracy is correctly put in place. 

Diplomacy is necessary but I don’t necessarily agree that it’s always America’s job to step in. 

Same one as before.

This was a hydra that had many heads. It’s difficult to battle all simultaneously.  We need to be more diligent in the heads we fight. 

Wages should reflect current cost of living. It does no good to cut taxes for corporations and the rich but not raise wages for lower and middle class. 

I don’t have a stance on this. 

Affordable housing is frowned upon in many areas. This editorial does nothing for my stance that affordable housing should exist in communities. 

This is more of an informative editorial. 

No new news. 

Tax reform is s nonpartisan issue and should be fought for by everyone. 

I was not convinced because it comes across as a lot of name calling and not much call to action.

Although I agree with her points on accountability, I was not much affected by the arguments. 

I have no stance but Spitzer seems to be a stand-up guy facing a lot of opposition for no reason except for people’s pride and pockets. 

Bush’s role in the Middle East in this editorial is overplayed. The conflict between the countries is too large for him to bridge. 

Our allies were pulling out. So either they thought it was hopeless or getting better. Depends on whose point of view you believe. 

This is a rehash of what we know. The US allowed the housing and banking industries to continue unbridled. 

I believe in all the reforms that Spitzer advocates for but this editorial does not have anything new to support them. 

This was informative as to what the intend to do but does not include anything new to support my stance. 

I did not have a prior stance on the rivalry between the police and fire departments. The article makes a good point for integrating the two and without further information, I agree with it. 

Again, I think the situation goes beyond what we can control. In this situation, we can advocate on our behalf, but this is centuries old. 

There are too many taxes.  I get the point , but I’m sure it’s not for public health, rather to raise money. 

Im not sure how I feel about this

This editorial repeats that when given power there are those lining their pockets. Spitzer seems to want to reform this. 

I don’t have a stance on this. It is common sense that more caution should be taken. 

I agree that democracy requires competition for public servant elections. However if he is doing s great job, there is nothing they can do. I am impressed that both parties agreed. 

Martha Stewart did the worst kind of cultural appropriation, taking their Chiefs name and using it to market a brand. She owes them. 

Good stuff all around. This is a summary of the legislation Albany wants to implement. 

This is the same editorial as 199. 

This is an interesting read about Ward and his upcoming job and the challenges he faces. 

This does not present an argument but details what needs to be done for a sustainable tomorrow. 

I’m not really sure what my opinion is on this 

I think that we failed the people after Hurricane Katrina

I was unaware of Law Day so I did not have a stance but this argues a case for Law Day. 

I don’t have a stance and didn’t find one after reading this. 

This doesn’t ask for a stance. These are opinions. 

The struggles in Iraq and Turkey are terrible but they have been going for centuries. Americans need to fix American issues before they can help anyone else. 

Someone needs to come in a revamp the justice system into something the at least resembles something to support the people and uphold the law. 

This is a repeated editorial.  It is important that the memorial is soscusl enough so that All can personally appreciate it and have the dignity it deserves. However they teach an agreement it needs to the least political it can be. 

There should be rules and regulations related to who can provide funding for political things, and they should be followed. 

This is an uplifting editorial about the positive change taking place and how it is s good start. 

I don’t agree with the author. I agree with the walkouts and the protests. They need to make the people feel uncomfortable. 

the article did not really promote an opinion that challenge or reinforced one that I had at first. The reactions to terrorist attacks are strong and emotional but do not challenge any stance of mine.

I’m not really sure of my opinion on this. 

No new information to influence my opinion.

No new or useful information.

I have really mixed feelings on this so I’m not sure what my opinion really is. 

I didn’t have a stance but this is s very compelling concept. 

The article both reinforces and challenges my stances. I am generally against government regulations against companies, for example, fuel efficiency standards for cars (fuel prices will increase these alone) I agree with the government promoting corporate  (...)

Hypocrisy from the Bush Administration. I was unaware that such inpropriety existed then as it does now.  

This editorial was seen earlier. I agree with all the reforms that Spitzer is advocating for. 

Very compelling argument for congestion pricing.  I had no stance but I do agree. 

I had no previous opinions about the legacy of Gov. Pataki, therefore, there really is no stance to challenge or reinforce. I agree that the Governor should not veto the morning after pill bill. 

I agree that Spitzer needs to honor the ciry’s commitment. I am unaware as to why Spitzer won’t.  

The countries economic plan needs a lot of work

Did not teach me anything new—•lawmakers need to walk the walk if they talk the talk. 

I didn’t have a stance but I do like the editorial and agree. 

I dont know too much info about Latin America so this doesnt affect my views

No stance on this because I was unaware of it.  However, this is complete irresponsibility and disheartening. 

I have no opinion on this. 

The terrorism in this world is out of control something needs to be done about this

I dont have views on this

I agree that Elected officials cannot fairly represent two constituencies and should not

This doesnt change any of my views on anything

I dont have any views on this

I think that same-sex couples should be able to marry

I think that something needs to be done to improve the reliability of voting machines.

What is happening to the women in these countries is awful. We also have an astounding number of missing and murdered women in America.

I do not have any views on this

The dangers of the other countries testing their nuclear weapons is very high. This is going to cause a lot of issues.

We need to do something about the illegal immigration to America. 

North Korea seems to be a loose cannon to me. Like a ticking time bomb just waiting to go off.

I dont have any views on this

I dont agree with hedge funds

I think that this bill would be great

I think that it great to improve the Hubble. Space exploration is so important

I dont have much to say about this issue

Medicaid fraud is a big issue that needs to be tackled. We need to figure out how to get rid of the fruad

Ethic reform needs to happen all across the United States. 

I think establishing a code of conduct is good, but that the government should allow the small business to continue running on their own. 

I think asking tax payers to pay for stem cell research would be unfair as many would not agree with the research. I think instead they must do something that doesn't ask people to go against their values. 

We need to overhaul campaign funding financing.

The ability to get along with others and be diplomatic is important, but it is not the most important thing for an auditor to have. 

We need to limit our borrowing. 

I do not agree in segregation between countries based on their faiths. I do not believe that church and state should be aligned and I do not believe that we should encourage the catholic church by encouraging them to share their opinions based on countries (...)

I am not sure of state matched public financing. 

Recurring lobbyist to register and keep track of where their money is going would be a good idea, sense they are going to put their money where they want to anyway, if we had way to keep track that may be better. 

It is a very scary time for women in Iraq. They are in danger of being treated badly and losing many rights. 

Privatization of Social Security is absurd and the American people know that. 

Head start, food for the elderly, low income housing, veterans needs are necessary if we aren't taking care of our people then what are we doing? 

Being prepared for a catastrophic event is important. But it is more important that those trained to handle the even are prepared and ready for action. The most prepared citizen can make mistakes and do things incorrectly, but someone trained should be the (...)

We need to fund the EPA. 

Detainees held at Guantanamo Bay should be allowed to speak and courts, our justice system is innocent until proven guilty, not guilty until I change my mind. 

This war has been lengthy. costly, and done not a lot of good.

There need to be mandatory ceilings on emissions. We need to work towards change rather than discussing it repeatedly with no actual movement as our earth is destroyed around us. 

People are upset because they can't make enough money to live. Wages are not keeping up with inflation and no one seems to understand that education cost, housing cost, and other costs add up as an individual tries to get enough education to be "smart" eno (...)

A lawful and dutiful hire site for immigrant workers allows for safety for the community and the workers. 

The education system is failing our children, as many parents are failing their children as well. This is a systemic problem, parents can't be home because they have to work multiple jobs to make enough money to pay rent that has inflated so much that work (...)

Counterfeit medications are dangerous and people lose their lives. There should be more hefty fines and consequences to dealing in fake drugs. 

Protecting our environment should be the number one priority on so many peoples minds. 

The United States needs to get out of Iraq, bring out military home, and deal with issues here. 

This doesnt change any of my views


I dont have any views on this

This kind of helps my views

I agree that Global balance requires cooperation. We all need to figure out a why to work together.

This does not change any views for me.

I think that AIDS is a huge issue but this article has not changed my views on anything

We need to do better when it comes to immigration into this country. 

I agree with the students from Tehrans elite universities.

I really dont have any views either way on this.

I have no remorse or feelings about Saddam

I agree with Mr. Spitzers education plan. I think that it so important that the students our future get the money that they need

Turning the 9/11 memorial into some kind of political race is a disaster. Its disrespectful to the memory of this who died and their survivors and those who worked to save people that day.

This doesnt change any of my views


I think that these goals are great and should not be lost

I like that they are preventing the big box store from coming in. Thinking about how awfully Walmart treats its employees, how much traffic it was cause, and other issues are important. It seems Walmart thinks it can do whatever it wants. 

This doesnt change my views

Lawmakers need to do whatever is necessary to keep our children safe. Sex offenders should be punished to the highest level to protect them.

I think that it would be beneficial for the president to focus on reducing the number of old nuclear weapons

This doesnt change my views


Making it more expensive to harm the environment than it is to follow the rules seems to be the only way to get plants and things to follow EPA rules. 

I dont know how I feel about this editioral

I agree he should have been fired


FEMA should not be responsible for providing extra relief during Mardi Gras, yes New Orleans may "need" this but sometimes you don't get what you "need" especially if you can't facilitate it safely. 

This doesnt change my views on anything


Sometimes politicians are not the best answer for every position. Sometimes we need people with different skills, and a good reputations of using said skills appropriately to enact action. 

If a Iraqian government needs to follow UN advisors if they want to be apart of the UN. 

Although tourism and property rights are important in the short term the long term is absolutely EP. Without protecting the environment there will be no property to own and nothing for tourist to see. 

This is so wrong. Laws need to be stronger and stiffer for these types of things

Even though we cant make up for the loses from these tragedies we need to make better stricter laws.

This does not change my views on anything


I believe that all these issues need to be addressed and handled

I think that it is very important to upgrade the Long Island Railway. There are so many people that use it that it should be at the highest standards.

I dont really have any thoughts on this issue

I think that this issue should be reconsidered.

This doesnt change my views on anything

I think that Indonesia is wrong for not supplying the virus

Congress needs to step up and do what the president wouldnt

I believe there should be affordable housing in New Jersey.

This doesnt change my views on  anything

I dont agree with this. The word in question is a part of the body and it is a word that is used. Maybe we shouldnt try and keep everything from children. The word wouldnt be such a big deal if people didnt make it that way.

I dont know how I feel about this

I think that Gov. Spitzer has a good plan for the casinos


I dont know how I feel about this. Anything about North Korea is tricky for me

This doesnt change my views


This is the same as the previous one

This is the same one as pervious

This country should make sure that at least the children of our nation have medical care. Not all people can afford the incredibly high prices of health care. The children shouldn't be punished.

I think that they should be able to demonstrate in central park.

This doesnt change my views

I dont agree with this

I am a strong believer in the freedom to express yourself. 

This doesnt change my views


I agree with this

I dont agree with this plan. 

I dont have any views on this

I dont agree with this

This doesnt change my views on anything

I dont agree with this

This doesnt change my views on anything

This doesnt  change my views

I agree that there should be a cap

This doesnt change my views

Im not sure how I feel about this

This doesnt change my views on anything


I have mixed views about the alternative tax

This doesnt change my views on anything

Im not sure how I feel about this. I have mixed feelings


This doesnt change my views

Im not sure how I feel about this issue

I dont agree with this

This doesnt change my views

This doesnt change any of my views about anything

Something needs to be done . The citizens should not have to put up with these drunks

I think that we need to do better with the prescription drugs that we giving

I think that thi wrong and I dont agree

This doesnt change my views

We need to do what we can to protect the planet

This doesnt change my views


Homeless people in this world is huge issue. Im not sure what to do about it but something needs to be done

The above neither alters my current views on city spending nor does it reinforce my views. The city is constantly growing and the ability to return to past projects and make a greater outcome from the situation it good. 

I have not a stance that is strongly challenged or reinforced. Hard campaigning though unsavory is par for the course unfortunately. 

The tactic of hitting someone in the pocket book to send a message is not new to me, and I believe it is an effective way to get an individual's attention. Therefore, I did not find the editorial particularly challenging or reinforcing; it did not make me more convinced of my believe that hitting someone in the pocket book gets his or her attention, not did the editorial cause me to rethink my stance

The idea of making a working prison a museum or tourist attracting seems "off" to me. I agree with the writer; however the author did not provide any information other than a feeling of this being cruel or as I say "off" to support his or her opposition to the idea. Nothing new other than a feeling of it being wrong, so the piece did not challenge me

I am all for pollution controls and environmental regs; I did not learn anything new or that would help me argue my position on pollution controls better

This editorial neither challenged me nor reinforced my stance on taking bribes, illegal behavior, kickbacks and the like..

There should be no ghost voting, voting should be an important enough activity that senators are actually taking the time to vote in person on the floor. 

I agree with this merger

I really dont have any views on this

This doesnt change any of my views

Im not sure how I feel about this

Iraq and Iran have deep issues that run through them. It will take a large amount of compromise and talking for things to work out effectively. 

I dont buy this either

I agree with this

I dont have any views on this

I agree with lower taxes

I dont have any feelings about this

I think that it is good that the IRS is going after people with owed taxes

I agree with these proposals.

I dont have views on this

I think that the Red Cross gets a bad wrap. But at the same time sometimes I feel that they drop the ball

I think that all of the space explorations are worth every penny. It is so important to learn about space and whats going on up there.

Prisoner abuse I think is a big issue around us. I think something needs to be done to correct the problem.

This doesnt change my views on any thing

Im not sure how I feel about this issue

The school funding needs work. Our children, our future should have what they need to be able to learn

This doesnt change my views


The unfair budget cutbacks are not good. Things should be fair

It seems like Mr. Suozzi said what he had to say to keep the entitled feeling entitled and get the opportunity to sell the property. 

I dont agree with any of this. I think that this is just wrong 

This doesnt change any of my views


I think that this is good. Hurricane protection is important.

I dont agree with any of the Iraqi rules or regulations at all. Things should be done to change these.

This doesnt change my views on things

Im not sure how I feel about this

Something needs to be done about these issues

I really dont have any views on the stock exchange

I dont have views on this matter

I agree that common sense changes need to be made

I dont think that it should be so hard to get divorced

This doesnt change my views

I dont know enough about things in Canada to comment on this issue

There needs to more honor for our fallen soliders

I agree with this bill

I dont have views on this

I dont have views on this

I think that automobile emissions should be regulated.

Something needs to be done about this voting. There are issues with it that need to be corrected.

Another voting editorial. Something needs to be done about this to correct these problems and issues

This doesnt change any views 

This is so wrong. I dont agree with the crooked politicians.

This doesnt change my views on anything

I dont have views on this

I think that hindsight is 20/20 and the best part of hindsight is our ability to learn from the mistakes of the past as the FAA should be doing now. 

I dont know how I feel about this issue

I think that this measure should be approved

This doesnt change my views

I agree that the amount of money that parties can give to candidates should be reduced.

What is happening in Iraq is something that has happened and continue to happen across the world. Americans need to get to a place where they can focus on their own issues and troubles, rather than continuing to unnecessarily interfere with other countries doing. 

The United States is in a precarious position full of debt and uncertainty. As much as the United States considers themselves the biggest and best, it is going to be difficult for them to get out of this mess. 

I am firmly of the view that there is a high level security plan in place to protect the nation from cyber attacks on a higher level. I am not convinced, given our hightenend awareness of terrorist activities that this has not been done or put in place. 

The world is aware that greater efforts need to be made by all countries to stem the environmental degradation that is happening. The most powerful countries appear to be on board with this thinking but one wonders from what happens internally in these countries if their apparent stance is not mere lip service.

This editorial seems to be suggesting that simply because it is the "Twin Towers" then all New Yorkers/New Jersey residents need to have a say in the final design of the reconstructed building. Why cant it be that the building laws and expectations are laid down and outlined as is usually the case and the developers adhere being audited/overseen by the reapective government bodies? Imagine if every issue of a sensitive/delicate nature were to be treated in the former manner? Our cities would be overrun by beauracracy.

Though there are countries that live in the lowest stages of poverty, promises of funding and donations should not be a priority to our administration. I believe that we should focus on the issues of poverty within our own country before attempting (or promising) to fix others. 

America is not able to take responsibility for the awful things that they have done and sanctioned doing to the prisoners. 

34 years we have been working to clean the air. How much change have we committed to, how can 34 years be passed and still so much be wrong? 

It is a shame that so much money had been taken unknowing in Roslyn, but people should be more aware and concerned. 

Appears to be largely an opinion piece on Mr. Pataki's poor fiscal choices, no particular political stance to challenger or support

The process should be made truly open and air fair if it has any chance of helping build up the neighborhood and economy. 

Workplaces abuses and injuries are an issue and a constant risk in all fields of labor-intensive work. More precautions and compensation efforts need to develop, but it has always been a risk within that type of field. 

I think this editorial is one sided, where else should the settlements be built, where else should the people who need homes go, what is the answer to these questions if you do not allow the building of a settlement where it is planned. 

Though the elections matter may be an issue, those in political positions can't change everything, even if they wish to try. They should focus on the biggest issues that need immediate changes. 

The editorial neither challenged nor reinforced my stance on right to privacy issues.

Breathing life into the lifeless elections process is a good idea. 

America should not be providing these countries with arms. They should not start an arms race, nor should they compound the already difficult times being had over seas.

Openness to governmental affairs is not always pleasant, but I agree that it should occur much more often, as decisions can be made without the concept of "secrecy" to hide how conclusions are met. 

Providing assistance for Africa is a worthy cause, helping others is great, but I have also been taught that help starts at home and you can't help others if you don't help yourself first. 

Open-trade borders is a great concept; unfortunately this matter could pose a possible health risk that would cost far more money than the loss of closed borders temporarily. Decisions should be properly weighed based on the risk to the American people versus maintaining open policies. 

The previous actions of Mr. Wolfowitz could prove to work out for the better in his position. People in positions of power should be focusing on the greater good and better lives for the communities instead of fighting to maintain power. 

Though it neither changed my opinion nor challenged it, I think the trust fund regarding asbestos matters (as well as possibly for other situations of the same) sounds like a great idea. 

Video evidence, amateur or not, is absolutely helpful as it helps to show the truth of matters both bad and good. 

Retirement security is a large part of why some people choose to work within larger corporations; errors in pension management should be key across the board. The US should be working on upholding standards for pension management and to ensure that those promised receive what they are owed.

There is always a rush to be the first country to do something, from being the first to fly into space to landing on the moon. Instead of attempting to be the first to utilize the concept of weapons in space, they should decide which is the better option for the protection of people and peace-keeping methods. 

I don't believe that it would be considered theft if the requests are being posted to the companies prior to the creation of the drugs. 

With changes to this degree, nations involved or those wishing to participate should focus their energies on maintaining peace and pushing compromise, instead of immediately viewing it as a threat. 

Advances in medicine are always incredible and always good news; by furthering funding for research and development, issues like lung cancer can be prevented and stopped entirely. 

Programs that increase productivity and grow the economy should be promoted through all towns in the country. 

In economical situations like this, I believe that discussions and compromises should be attempted before ultimately denying another country from acting on their better judgments for the benefit of their society. 

Though I fully support gay marriage, I do understand that it is a tough situation at the moment for political figures to make and back such a large change. 

The true test for any politician in power is the time immediately after their election. It is at that time that one will see whether or not what they promised on the campaign trail was just empty election day promises. Usually, however, once they get into power they will not be able to execute their mandates to the fullest based on the constraints on their power - whether within or outside of their own political parties. 

I feel as though the flood walls were not poorly constructed or designed, but rather just were not prepared for a storm of that size. Whether the city received the "brunt" of the storm or not, the impact was still far greater than anything they could have planned for, much like Superstorm Sandy to the East Coast. 

I honestly have no opinion on the above matter. 

With research of this size and importance, I believe that it needs more time to truly study the long-term effects and possibilities of outcomes before decisions can be made. 

Americans will always unite immediately after a disaster and try to help in the best way they can (philanthropy, volunteerism, prayers etc) to restore normalcy to the lives of those affected. They may be willing even, for the (very) short term, to look beyond the causes of the disaster and focus on the rescue mission.

Surveillance of citizens should be necessary, but it should require a justifiable cause and warrant prior to checking in and finding information via surveillance operations. 

I have no true opinion on the above, as other countries around the world believe strongly regarding their past and current methods to unite their people. How they handle matters, though it may seem wrong to us, is still how justice is conducted elsewhere. 

Tax reform is always going to be a discussed topic in America. This is due to the fact that any reform will negatively affect one at least one group of Americans since there are deep gaps in expectations from people on opposite sides of the political or economic divide. Any administration that comes to power - democratic or republican, will have this Achilles heel to deal with during their term.

The editor seems to be only interested in garnering support for Proposition2. The editorial does not indicate what will be different in the handling of the funds to ensure that they in fact end up being used for the purposes intended. This is critical especially in light of the fact that the editor explained how in past years, the transportation system was left to languish in a state of disrepair even though there were resources being channeled towards its improvements.

I have no opinion on the workings of Long Island as I didn't even know that it has multiple governments.

The power to dictate the right to life is not to be entrusted to any man and as such no court or judicial system should have power to decide on this issue. No citizen whether medical or non medical should have this power either.

Everyone views the ability to watch shows at their leisure differently. I don't feel that asking to avoid spoilers or discussion regarding a specific show excludes them from conversation; it opens the conversation to discuss the show up to that point or offer suggestions to new entertainment ideas. 

With all three finally open to discussion, they should analyze all situations and offer compromises to reach a final decision. 

Corporations and economic specialties shift constantly; though NJ may have been a hub for the telecomm industry in the past, it can shift to a new location or different specialty. 

A casino could provide numerous new jobs to the areas, as well as bringing in more business to locals. I do not believe that crime rates would rise just because of the type of commission it represents. 

I agree with the point here but I didn't see any information that was new to me.

I did not have a stance on this issue. So the piece neither reinforces nor challenges it.

As a resident of the state, I was raised with full-service gas stations; I had no idea that it was proposed to save money. I viewed the full-service stations as a piece of the job market, offering positions that didn't exist elsewhere. 

I don't have a stance on this.

The environment should be protected and not altered simply because of human health. People can take more preventative measures, especially to remain aware and avoid areas that are easier to pick up the bugs. 

It sounds like an interesting concept and could be good for senior living, but I have no prior views on the matter. 

There's no information presented in this editorial that sways me either way regarding parties or people. 

Parties that are already involved in the situations should remain involved instead of abandoning mid-negotiations. 

Any and all types of reconciliation is good news, especially in areas of high conflict. 

Movies are a gross exaggeration of reality and as such should not be taken too seriously.

I did not have a stance on this issue.

No new information was provided to me to change or support what I believe. Inmates that have mental disabilities should have special institutions that can adjust for their conditions and still offer a strong security detail to prevent further damage. 

Immigration has been a constant issue in the political field for years and it is a situation that needs to be handled and not constantly tabled for a later date. 

No new information was presented to change or support my thoughts. Mr. Bolton should be removed based on actions and if he has successfully (or not) achieved what he set out to do. If he is not the right fit for the position, another person should be offered the chance. 

Though there are constantly budget crises across the country, hospitals and their maintenance should be made a priority as they are key to the health and wellness of the communities that surround them. 

Investors rush to make the most money when matters look good for a brief moment. Overreactions seem to be common among them, which causes issues later on for the economic growth of our country and individuals' investments. 

Court positions should be chosen based on the most qualified and experienced, not necessarily who holds what political influence or who has connections to parties. 

These issues are so specific to their time and place -- I don't have a stance on them.

Candidates chosen should be for the best option, not political affiliations. If the proposed candidate has good experience and does the job well, they should represent the vote. 

This is such a specific circumstance that I don't have a stance on it.

These articles are at odds with each other.  They are both interesting but I agree with the first one more -- we need to look at the big picture, not just details of schools.

Money should be a high concern in all governmental affairs, which is why spending and budgets should be highly monitored and reviewed. 

No new information was presented to me in this editorial. Medicaid and associated costs (i.e. nursing homes) should receive the funding that is necessary to provide for their clients and residents. 

No new information was presented to me to change or support my stance on any of the above matters. Those in political positions should work on either deciding or compromising on unfinished business before electing new parties or inviting new matters to be discussed. 

No new information has been presented to me. I believe that any opportunities to reach discussions and compromise should be taken advantage of at all times. 

No new information was presented to me regarding my opinions on the above. 

Though no new information is presented for me, it is still appalling that conditions around the world can allow such infection to spread. Care of its people should be a country's priority.

No new information was presented to me regarding my opinions. Studies should be continuously conducted to ensure the accuracy of this new development and assist in the prevention of future disease and suffering. 

Unfortunately it poses a tough situation regarding future decisions to be made. No new information was presented to me to sway my opinion either way, though discussion and compromise should always be considered before making rash decisions. 

I feel that pharmaceuticals should be affordable, especially if people are allocated to a private plan. However, plans should offer options as to which drug they wish to use and, if there aren’t any available, should request assistance from the government. 

The release of documents to the public should not be approved. Document release for the purpose of trial should be. Providing private documents to the public, no matter what they say, poses a risk to security unveiling information previously kept quiet for protective purposes. 

No new information was presented to me at this time. FEMA and other aid assistance programs via the government seem lacking in understanding or clarity for those in need. 

Integration based on race should be mandatory in public schools. We are well beyond that consideration of seeing differences based on race. 

No new information was given to me. Time lines need to be set and restrictions on efforts need to be in place. 

New strategy needs to be considered. More troops will only cause further destruction and more conflict. 

While I think it's wonderful for people to remember those who died, this editorial had no new information to support my stance. 

No new information was presented. Restrictions need to be set and met utilizing all countries around the world to prevent widespread harm. 

Limitations and restrictions should be set on offenders as to where they can live and work. However, monitoring abilities should be factored in as well to reduce strain on enforcement should the need arise. 

I don't know enough about Long Island to make a stance on whether or not this natural gas depot is good or bad thing.

While the editorial is disturbing, I did not learn anything new or noteworthy that would oppose or support my stance. I suppose cronyism happens all the time in government, the business, and the private sectors. We have three branches of government to protect against things like having an unqualified or less than ideal person take a post

Though past decisions may negatively affect those attempting new positions, they should be judged based on all of their actions and experience instead of immediately denying their efforts. 

Net neutrality is a fantastic idea for equal opportunities and should continue to be promoted, opposing the developments of higher-paid customers for faster speeds and frequency. 

There's no information presented in this editorial that sways me either way regarding parties or people.

There's no information presented in this editorial that sways me either way. Athletes and stars are treated to a ridiculous degree of fame. 

Spending should not be the first option nor should it be a priority among government officials. Restraint should be shown until decisions are made that better the community and people they serve. 


The moves to space have become increasingly important in recent years; treaties and communications should be open to discussion regarding the same. 

The environment and global warming should remain a constant high priority to world leaders. The ability to track and monitor patterns regarding same should be high on the list of discussions to better protect our environment. 

Increased security at chemical plants should be mandatory. It is ignorant to believe that they are fully protected or to assume that they can control whatever situation arises before it affects the population. 

Global warming should be made a priority among our leaders, especially those that have the ability to change its patterns and damages. 

Imprisonment should be a method of last resort, but programs should also be enforced to assist felons once released. 

Trade is always a good relationship to maintain between countries; I do agree that the government needs to reassure its people that they are economically safe. 

Any rape victims that go to a hospital to receive care should be provided the pill if they wish. Just because a hospital is supported by a religious group does not necessarily mean those that attend believe the same. No new information was presented to me. 

Though I did not learn anything new, I fully support the suggestions as to how to remedy environmental issues caused by emissions and pollution. 

Touch-screen voting should be removed as an option; it is far to easily hacked or damaged.

Though no new information was provided to me, it is upsetting to see the significant loss of jobs related to the automotive industry in our country. 

Though no new information was provided to me, I feel as though a merger between the two companies would be a successful concept. 

There's no information presented in this editorial that sways me either way regarding parties or people.

There's no information presented in this editorial that sways me either way regarding parties or people.

The redevelopment of the state and increasing economic growth is already suffocating the current status. A shift needs to occur in order to remove some of the density and pressure from NJ. 

Security along our borders is extremely important to the future of immigration, to ensure that those wishing to come to the US do it properly and are working to make a better life for themselves. Harsh actions like those described above, however, should be handled much better and with far more decency toward human life. 

Free trade is a plus to our economy, allowing relationships to grow between countries and better our economic growth. 

When it comes to legislation, there should be some degree of a turnover, as opinions get stale and stubbornness is not a factor that is easily negotiable. 

No new information was offered to me to change my stance. Immigration has been a tricky issue to navigate and should be decided upon soon to begin changes. 

Global warming and climate change should be a priority to world leaders, especially in the sense of how to repair damage and encourage better cleaner methods. Surprisingly, the efforts needed to make the changes are very low cost and would even better the economic growth. 

This is so specific to its time and place that I don't have a stance.

As the US, we need to come up with a strategy that won’t look like we’re running but leaving gracefully. We also need to find time to open the floor to negotiations for peace opportunities. 

A democratic rule would be a good future endeavor but you cannot change a country’s political standards with finances. 

Information presented did not cause me to change my mind in either direction. It's ridiculous that they are suing over a style choice that had been admired from afar and is now accessible to the public. 

Even with all of the talk on this subject now, this is the first time I’ve understood what it means.

Legislators and those in political positions should focus on the greater good for the public and what actual priorities are, instead of arguing budgets based on their personal preferences. 

I have always had an appreciation for writers, especially those that are able to incorporate their personal experiences into true works that withstand the test of time. Mr. Miller will forever be remembered for his works. Connections to others should not make him great, but in fact should be ignored in comparison to his work. 

Matters surrounding military warfare and weapons throughout the world need to be handled with care. Open discussion and strong relationships with other countries should be priority before considering other options. 

Past should be considered when selecting politicians for positions, but only in areas where it could affect their morality of the requirements of the position during their term. 

Prisons like Guantanamo Bay need to be closely monitored and not kept as hidden as they are regarding their tactics. Criminals or not, there is still a common decency toward humans and respect toward life that should be upheld, despite actions of those inside. 

There was no new information presented to me; however, I did appreciate the questions offered as suggestions to ask the political candidates. 

None of the information provided caused me to consider my stance; the economy and strategies regarding same need to be reconsidered when it comes to trades around the world. 

None of the information presented caused me to reconsider or strengthen my stance. I think the new pope is an excellent choice and has the opportunity to do good with his influence. 

Lobbyists should be required to say who they are supporting; campaigns should be focused on the beliefs and standards, not fundraising and influence. 

Both governments should be open to discussion and attempts at communication and compromise instead of fighting and power. 

None of the information presented affected my stance either way. A change in government takes time, far more than one single election. 

Assumptions, especially concerning political budgets and agendas, should never be believed. In political matters, every detail should be laid out clearly for everyone to understand without the risk of hidden information. 

Though emergency responders are always at the ready, it is true that regular citizens need to constantly be on alert and aware of their surrounds and situations. 

No one, especially the president or parties of government officials, is beyond the law. Decisions can't simply be made based on personal opinions and thoughts without fully consulting and receiving approval from the other groups. 

The decision to create and support this fund for environmental protection is an idea that should be pushed through, as it benefits the people. Budget decisions should be a time to use funding to support greater good decisions instead of political agendas and personal opinions. 

This is so specific that I don't have a stance on it. 

War was unnecessary, but so was the amount of time taken to debate an issue where thousands of lives were dependent on a decision. Decisions that affect human life and the prevention of more conflict should be made in haste instead of over lengthy periods of time. 

None of the information presented in this editorial affects my position; I would need further information before I feel comfortable developing a solid stance on issues involved. 

The American economy has been on a slow decline, especially in the job market. The US government needs to aim focus toward assisting its people at home instead of around the world and focusing on how to improve our situations. 

Drug counterfeiting should be fought and prevented through stronger penalties and fines. However it should not be a priority over other issues, like relations around the world, environmental concerns and economic growth. 

None of the information presented to me caused me to challenge or strengthen my stance. Inmates released from prison should be offered job opportunities or chances at schooling and better lives to keep them from being reinstated in the prison system. Offering better chances at a future can prevent future crimes and poor decisions. 

The information provided does not sway me either way. Big box stores could be a good option for growth, but could also negatively affect small shops and local businesses. 

None of the information provides sways me either way. As with any governmental agency, not only does responsibility need to be claimed, but someone needs to step up to make decisions that will best promote the growth of the city as well as the safety of its people. 

I don't believe that there is enough information for me to properly formulate an opinion on the issues at hand. I honestly don't know if delaying the census would be a benefit and good decision or what effects will follow post-delay. 

Immigration reform is absolutely crucial, but scaring the public into decisions that promote his personal beliefs is not the proper course of action. Immigration needs to be discussed thoroughly and strategies that respect the people involved (many of which are good people and not "murderers and child molesters").


We (the US) should not be so intensely involved with Iraq as it goes through such large changes. As a nation, we should offer advice and support regarding voting and elections, but not become overly involved in their growing situation. 

This article is too out of date to agree or disagree with. Too many developments in NK since then.

I don't have a stance on this issue.

These are very specific issues and I don't have a stance.

I don't really have a stance on the purposed building that this editorial talked about since I don't know enough about this building or how the former governor of New York took his time to try to build this building.

This is too out of date for me to agree or disagree with. 

I don't know if Bush defined a 'new direction' but whatever happened, it didn't work.

I don't know much about this subject, but it certainly borders on immoral. 

I no little to nothing on this subject.

I don't know what happened but I imagine he was just as corrupt and dishonest as any other politician.

I don't have a stance on this.

I agree with this article, but it has nothing new in it for me.

I agree but found nothing new here.

I learned about environmental justice and "Not in My Back Yard" or NIMBY during my MA in sociology studies. I did not find anything new or noteworthy in the article opposing or supporting my stance for environmental justice for all

I agree with this -- it doesn't challenge or reinforce. But the article would be stronger if it also explained why parents were unhappy with the system.

I agree, but there is nothing new here.

Editorial so singularly focused on one bad actor, a challenge to unearth the overarching issue (topic) of the piece...

We need to do a better job of protecting and taking care of our environment around us.

I agree but this adds nothing new.

I don't agree with this. Why should everyone who comes here be monitored? Why would they be likelier to commit crimes than people who happen to be born here? Makes no sense.

I agree, but this didn't add anything. Also it overestimated the clout of the ICC.

This article is too out-of-date to agree or disagree with. So many people felt optimistic about Spitzer before his scandal.

This article is so focused on Negroponte. I don't have a stance on this.

I have no opinion on Russia's energy sector, and this editorial didn't inform me enough to make a stance on this topic.

While I think that prisoners should have some basic legal rights, this editorial did a horrible job on explaining the author's stance. Thus it neither challenged or reinforced my stance.

Calm and diplomacy are usually the best ways to deal with a conflict once it has not escalated into violence on the part of the protesters. With this is mind, it would auger well for the officials of Mamaroneck to deal with the protesters in this manner.

This is a very local, specific issue and I don't have a stance on it.

I'm not sure what I believe about free trade. I didn't find this article convincing because it kind of glossed over workers' problems, as is retraining programs would solve everything. 

Why are we worried about space?

I think maybe we should stop arguing and protect the chem plants. Yeah.

While this editorial does a good job with giving some background on the subject, I feel that I don't have a stance either way on the topic.

This is a very specific point and I don't have a stance on it.

I disagree with this editorial and think they sound extremely naive about North Korea. So I can't say that it reinforced or challenged me -- it left me cold.

I don't have a stance on this issue.

I don't have a stance on this issue.

This is such a specific issue that I don't have a stance on it.

I agree with this, but found nothing new.

These are very specific issues and I don't have a stance.

I have never used JetBlue in my travels and all my airplane experiences have been good. So I don't have a stance for this editorial to either reinforce or challenge.

While I think there should be a useful debate on whether or not gun control is a good thing, I don't know enough about this topic on Jim Zumbo to have a stance.

It's awful for states to not have a balanced budget on time, but I don't know enough about New York's situation to have a stance on it.

I know nothing about this subject and care little.

I know nothing about this.

i had no opinion on this particular race so I have little to say about it. 

i did not have any feelings about this race. None of these candidates are particularly appealing. 

XM and Sirius merged in 2007.

Doesn't seem that the trend spread.

While I think there should be reforms in health care and education spending in general, the editorial didn't do enough to either challenge or reinforce my stance.

I don't know enough about this case to have a stance despite the fact that I think corruption is bad. This editorial does not do a good job in providing evidence that the charges against the Thompson were flimsy thus it neither challenge or reinforce my stances. 

I agree with the depressing points here. But since the piece is so old, it doesnt change or even strengthen my view.

This is about a very narrow issue and I don't have a stance on it.

I agree with this but it's so old that I don't have a stance.

This is such a specific issue that I don't have a stance on it.

This is a very specific issue and I don't have a stance on it.

I agree with the point here but the article is very specific to its time and place.

I agree that campaign finance needs reform, but this article is so specific to its place and time that it doesn't really reinforce my views.

I am not sure what the point of this editorial is. What are they asking for? I agree that this is a terrible atrocity and should be addressed, but how?

This is so specific to Connecticut that I don't have a stance. I never liked Lieberman though.

This is so specific that I don't have a stance on it.

I don't have a stance on this issue.

It is ironic to read about how Spitzer should set a good example. I think people were too hard on him. This article neither reinforces nor challenges my view.

This is a very specific, narrow focus and I don't have any stance on it.

I don't think it's the media's place to give an opinion about the pope. 

I don't have a stance on this.

I agree about the importance of helping those in need but I'm not sure how I would use this to reinforce an argument.

I felt like this article didn't provide any new information for my stance that each governor doesn't have to continue the work of their predecessor. 

The US and Russia have been in this weird argument over old Cold War era nuclear missiles for so long that I have no stance in this topic, and this editorial didn't change my mind on anything.

This is a repeat of 176.

It’s heartbreaking when things like this happens but this is why we have insurance to cover natural disasters. Government assistance should be a backup not a given thing to expect, especially in a country so deep in debt! 

I can't figure out what my stance on this is, so this doesn't reinforce or challenge.

I’m a firm believer in modesty and living according to needs not wants, but at the same time I feel like if someone is spending thousands of dollars on property why do others get to dictate what or how they build there? 

At least they were making an attempt to fix a broken system. That’s more than can be said for other government branches. 

Okay so this was a problem back then and we just had the same problem in 2016, how has this not been fixed?

I am not familiar with the New York AG race, but the editorial seemed fairly balanced, mentioning Mark Green's prickly personality while still endorsing him.

I agree, but this doesn't give me any new information.

I couldn't really tell what stance the editorial was taking...and I'm not sure what I think about nuclear power either.

The unpredictability of the North Korean regime is known by ass sides. Keeping North Korea from advancing its nuclear weapons program is not easy. While the Bush administration has many flaws, this editorial asks the president to make a decision about coercion or appeasement. Perhaps stall tactics are the best strategy.

Campaign finance is important. This is a great example of a loophole that need to be closed.

This article is very specific to its time and place, so I don't think it reinforced or challenged me. 

I agree, but I wouldn't say this reinforced an existing opinion, since it seems really specific to New Orleans at that time. 

While the editorial emphasizes the potential risk to newborn health, I do not know enough about how the program of document authentication would play out in practice to accuse those promoting it of being negligent with newborn heath concerns.

While it's common for outgoing governors to give fill positions with their friends, this editorial didn't challenge me or reinforce my stance as I don't have one. This editorial cannot prove or disprove whether or not these people will be great in their new jobs.

I had never given much thought to the comportment or adornment (in this case, buttons with pictures on them) of spectators of a court proceeding.

Tackling AIDS, especially in Africa where the study was conducted, should be a global priority. I hope this treatment can yield additional findings to reduce the mortality rate associated with HIV.

This editorial lauds Mr. Spitzer's ambitious goals. While it avoids taking a stance on whether or not they are achievable, the tone is positive and supportive, which is refreshing.

While legal aid for those who cannot afford it helps ensure fairness, I do not agree that most legal aid goes toward noble goals like fighting evictions. Perhaps the State of New York has a reason to want to curb spending in this area.

The policy objectives laid out in the editorial are all worthwhile. Streamlining the food stamp process, fighting  traffic congestion, and providing more affordable housing options are all things which would greatly benefit New York City.

The Bush administration response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster is shameful. The loss of temporary housing is just one of its many failings here.

No surprise that Stimson was not disciplined by Bush or Rumsfeld.

While I think that courts can take more than necessary in settlement cases, I don't know if these settlements are unconstitutional. I think the editorial didn't do a great job in convincing me to change my stance. 

I’m not sure what my opinion is on this 

The issues that confront state and local taxation can become thorny. I am divided as to which is better policy, a streamlined approach or multiple smaller jurisdictions.

While tremendous levels of debt are not desirable, I oppose balanced-budget amendments since the balance is usually gained from cuts in services to the middle - and working-class. 

While I think the government should help pay for some of the damages that Katrina caused, I feel like this editorial neither challenge or reinforce my stance.

The avian flu epidemic can strike anywhere, but Indonesia's point that poor countries would be affected more is a valid one. The editorial is right to suggest the Wold Health Organization to encourage the transfer of vaccine production technology to countries that have the ability to use it in a productive way.

The Sunlight project for transparency, as well as the decision to sue Exxon Mobil, both speak well to the aim of providing both transparency and accountability for all members of society, including businesses,  no matter how large.

We need more protected parks and less abandoned shopping malls. 

Still no option 

Maybe they should remove the caps and just require all governmental candidates to put leftover funds on the National and State debts. 

I don’t really have an opinion on Spitzer. 

I have no opinion on this. 

I don’t really have a strong opinion on this. 

I have no opinion on this either. 

It’s really hard to have any opinions on any of these New York politics articles because i have no connection to New York. 

Again, no opinion on New York. 

I think that this is a tragedy and there is probably blame on both sides. However, this editorial neither challenged or reinforce my stance as I don't remember this case very well to actually have a stance.

I’m not sure what my opinion is on this. 

No opinion 

I really don't have a stance on breast feeding other that it's up to a woman if she wants to breast feed her child or not. This editorial didn't challenge or reinforce a stance I don't have.

This editorial neither challenged or reinforce my stance as I don't have one. 

It is all of our responsibility to ensure we have enough to retire if and when we want to retire. This is all great but saving what we can when we can goes a long way. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I think the USA needs to find ways to stay out of more conflicts, not be a part of them. 

A missile defense system set to be placed  in Poland should neither provoke Iran nor Russia. Russia has proven itself to be a corrupt oligarchy, far removed from the democratic hopes of the Yeltsin era. While I am skeptical of military one-upsmanship, I do not believe that not angering Russia should be a national priority.

First Nations peoples' economies should not be based on gambling. Gambling tends to ruin communities where it is legal, and I share the editorial's skepticism about the wisdom of allowing it in the Catskills.

The Spitzer budget's attempt at fiscal responsibility, while commendable in some regards, should not cut Medicaid. The SEIU and the hospital workers are justified in protesting it.

The editorial unfairly slams Venezuela's Chavez, which is typical of American editorials, but it is heartening that the writer points out the human rights hypocrisy in American support for the Colombian and Guatemalan regimes.

I know nothing about this subject but the situation seems ludicrous.

Residency requirements for those seeking office are sensible. The loophole that Eugene was trying to take advantage of was already bad law.

Clamping down on areas where free speech and freedom of assembly occur has been a hallmark of the Bush administration and its allies. That Central Park is trying to be taken off the table as an area for demonstrations is sad but not surprising.

I found this an entertaining article.

The article reminds how long Putin has been in power.

I agree with the decision keeping more handguns off the streets of Washington, DC.

I am conflicted about the status of lesser sports in universities. On the one hand, I understand the editorial's argument that playing varsity-level may have factored in the college selection decision of some of the participants, but on the other hand, it is the major sports (football and basketball in particular) which generate revenue for the school.

I understand a free speech argument here. I disagree with the editorial's opinion that the courts should conclude that Frederick's free speech rights were infringed. There needs to be a balance between acceptable behavior and freedom. Frederick tilted that balance when he acted irresponsibly.

The article's proposals make sense, but I have little knowledge or interest in New York State's budget or constitution.

I have no knowledge and little interest in this subject. 

Arguing against hospital funding, regardless of how many hospitals there are in an area, never seems like a sound policy position.

I don’t have an opinion on this. 

I have little knowledge or interest in the election of a New York State comptroller from years ago.

Spitzer's budget, while not perfect, did achieve some positive goals, such as middle-class tax cuts and health insurance expansion. The editorial mentions that he was unable to get everything in it that he wanted, reflecting the give and take of the political process.

Property taxes are a home-owner issue mostly. Given the increased rates of renters in the state, I don't see property tax caps as a huge issue one way or the other.

Most of the points are moot.  Pope Benedict XVI abdicated in 2013 and the next Pope was from Buenos Aires.

This article is a repeat.

I did not have a position on the alternative minimum tax, but the editorial makes a great case that it unfairly punishes people (middle class taxpayers) who do not have the means to avoid the tax, unlike the wealthy. Also, raising the low capital gains tax is an economically-sound idea.

Public financing of elections is the ideal solution. While New York state does have a problem with incumbent advantage, I disagree when the editorial states that incumbency and not money is the most pressing problem in the legislature.

This editorial takes a balanced view of pay-as-you-go taxation. I agree with the sentiment that locking in upper-class tax cuts should not take priority over sound fiscal policy.

I have no opinion on this. 

I understand the desire for park land along the waterfront, but I also recognize the economic reality of these places being highly-desirable and contested. I am not sure what the ideal is for the timetable of the Hudson River Park.

I have no knowledge or opinion of this subject.

I don’t have an opinion on this. 

The gender pay gap is often misunderstood. Cases like this one divert attention from the much more pressing class difference in pay, as opposed to gender.

I have a bias against alcohol consumption on public transportation, as I don't like inebriated passengers on the train. On the other hand, the editorial states that research showed that the most disruptive passengers were already drunk before they got on the trains. I would not oppose an alcohol ban, however. 

I’m not sure what my stance is here. 

The editorial lauds the proposed energy and tax bills as being more progressive than they had been in years, but the modest requirement that utilities produce 15 percent of their output through renewable sources by 2020 is far too little to seriously address climate change.

The private market should lead the way into research in greener energy technologies. Due to the nature of the problem and the urgency of the problem the government should help through regulation and tax incentives. It should, however, not overstep its bounds. 

Uncompromising nativists like Jim DeMint and his ilk of course would oppose any sensible immigration legislation. When Congress is filled with similar-thinking folks, it is not surprising that sensible legislation suffers. 

Regardless of whether the old big board system is in place or the merger goes through, there will be no tangible benefit to the small investor.

I don’t have an opinion on this. 

Yonkers and Greenburgh's skirmishes seem childish, given that the Ridge Hill project would be a benefit for both. Traffic and noise are concerns mainly influencing the well-heeled who live near populated areas. 

I have no knowledge or opinion of this subject.


I have no knowledge or opinion of this subject.


I disagree with this editorial's assertion that ballot initiatives are a bad thing. While the process can be messy and sometimes contradictory, this is simply a result of governing a large number of people.

Of all the proposals mentioned in the editorial, I think changing the start of the fiscal year from April 1 to July 1 is the smallest, but may be the most significant in the long run since, as the editorial states, there will be added time for budgetary foresight.

Ending the building of the international space station would be a diplomatic and scientific failure. This editorial, I believe, is slanted toward an isolationist worldview. Also, arguments about NASA's expense are laughable, given how little money the agency actually receives.

Another anti-bush editorial, I'm a little fed up with this author now.

I have no knowledge or opinion of this subject.


I agree with the editorial's stance against the promotion of General Sanchez. I do not share its sympathies for him, however. Abu Ghraib is a stain on the conscience of America.

I am not sure what size of governance would best serve New Jersey beneath the state-wide level. Regional instead of local services might be a better option.

Budgetary stability is of course desirable, but amendments requiring them usually require unequal sacrifice on behalf of the poor and middle class. I disagree with this editorial's enthusiasm for them.

The editorial focus is wrong to attribute the wild market fluctuations to the rate of national savings. The culprit is short-term speculation and trading, including many transactions of less than a second.

Primary season posturing on immigration is nothing new, especially on the Republican side of the aisle but also the Democratic one.

That corporate-friendly Democrats like Chuck Schumer and Republicans like Bloomberg try to create alarm about America's financial markets and place the blame at the feet of regulations is predictable. The editorial is right to ask business to clean its own house before trying to vie for less regulation, especially as it has enjoyed record profits.

The Bush administration's public pronouncements about the state of democracy in Iraq post-invasion are always lies. The state of the Iraqi constitution is no different.

I support the BBBB and believe that the provisions made to protect smaller stores, such as limiting the amount of bottles that can be processed, is enough to protect their stores from becoming mini recycling centers.

I am highly interested in this topic and the article didn't really persuade my thoughts one way or another.

California's threat to sue the EPA is encouraging. The Washington political machinations which prevent serious emissions legislation from being enacted will not change with the Supreme Court decision.

Potential asteroid collision is an issue that we mostly don't think about. The editorial states that NASA has identified 700 problematic large objects but that none of them are set to collide with Earth. It does not suggest policy positions but instead seems to not take the risk seriously.

McGowan's corruption was vast and gaudy. I disagree with the editorial stance of maintaining McGowan's name on the airport concourse.

It is a sign of bad governance that Pataki would refuse to divert some sales tax revenue to Operation Cure. It seems like a very reasonable solution.

Public financing of elections is the most democratic method of assuring electoral fairness. Obama and McCain would be well-advised to push for it for the greater good of the country.

The people of New York will make the decisions about who they feel should be in office in the primaries and they will have to take into account each candidate and their beliefs and attitudes. 

No one in a government position should be able to be bought or get preferential treatment. It’s infuriating. 

This editorial covers a case of political-business corruption. I am against corruption; this article neither challenged nor reinforced my stance on corruption

I’m not sure what i think about this. 

I agree that the UN and US should stand to prevent this from happening but at the same time feel that they need to stay out of it completely since the US caused the mess to begin with. 

I did not have a stance on whether the fire and police departments should be merged

Not sure what the topic is to take a stance on here, maybe foreign relations...

Prior to reading the editorial, I did not have a particular stance on the U.N.

Largely an opinion piece, without a particular political stance

It’s heartbreaking to know how many lives were lost in such an unnecessary act of terror. 

This doesnt change any of my views

I am not sure if I agree with this change with the judges


I believe that clean air is very important and we should do whatever necessary to help the clean air act

I am not sure if I agree that former presidents should become senators. 

This doesnt change any views that I have

I think that there needs to more help for the poor or less fortunate.

This doesnt change my views

I agree with this

I think that this truce should take place and it would be good.

I think that this goal should be supported 

I am a strong believer of the no child gets left behind act.

I dont care either way about this new stadium.

This doesnt change my views on anything

I dont have views on this

I am not sure how I feel about this. I dont agree with anything that North Korea does

I think that they funding for the space program should be available. It is a very important thing that we learn about space.

I think that the bottle redemption act is a good one and I think that they should go ahead with the changes

I do not have any views on this

I agree with this proposal

This doesnt change any of the views that I have

I agree with this. I think that all children should get vaccines no matter what has to be done to make that happen

I think that a lot of politicians are crooked and I think that it is good that all of their stuff is coming to the surface.

I dont have any views on this

Im not sure how I feel about this

This doesnt change any views

I dont have any views on this issue

I believe that change is always necessary 

I am not sure how I feel about this 

I dont agree with this

I dont agree with any of this at all

These rail systems need to get the improvements that need

This is just terrible. Schools should take priority. Our children should be provided safe, clean etc schools. 

I dont have any thoughts on this

I am not sure how I feel about these issues

I think that the bonds should be brought back

I think that rotary clubs are good

I think that this memorial is good .

I dont know how I feel about this

This doesnt change any of my views on anything

I am not sure how I feel about this issue

No special interest should deny help to the millions of poor people

This doesnt change any views I have

No views of mine have been changed from this

I dont have any views on this issue

There should be changes made on this issue

I dont agree with this. I think that healthcare should be available to those that need it.

This doesnt change any views

Something needs to be done about the attacks these attacks are getting so out of control

I am not sure how I feel about these issues

This is interesting to me but I dont know enough about this issue to comment

No views have been changed

I dont think that we should buy into this thinking

Global warming and the oil issues should be taken very seriously.

This doesnt change any of my views on anything

I dont have any views on this issue

I do agree that Ms. Gotbaum should push herself harder. 

I dont agree with this. I think that Chernobyl should be considered a  catastrophe.

This is so wrong.

This doesnt change my views

This doesnt change any views

Im not sure how I feel about these issues

This doesnt change any of views

This hasnt changed any of my views

I am not sure how I feel about these issues in this editorial 

Abuse of prisoners is not ok and something needs to be done to protect these individuals.

I have mixed feelings when it comes to things about Iraq. Im not sure how I feel about this issue

I agree that this strike was a senseless move.

Diabetes is a very serious thing and we should do what can to help out the cause.

This doesnt change my views either way

I think that changing the legal systems and speeding up the trials would be very helpful in this issue

I think that the freedom of information act is great and it will help to bring a lot of things to the light.

Im not sure what my views are on this subject.

I think that this bill should be approved.

I think that protecting the wetlands is important

Im not sure what my views are on this issue

This doesnt change any views for me

I think that President Bush deserves a lot of credit for this issue

I hope these changes help

This immigration debate is a big one. Changes need to be made.

I dont have views on this

This doesnt change any views for me.

I think that the tuition aid programs are great and a necessity.

This doesnt change any views

I dont have any thoughts on these

Not changing any views I have

I agree with the No Child Left Behind law.

I agree with this law

This doesnt change any of my views on anything

I agree with these changes

Im not sure how I feel about these issues

My views have not changed

Im not sure if this is good or bad

This doesnt change any views for me

I have not heard of this before. Liquid bombs to blow up airplanes. This is very scary

This doesnt change my views on anything

I think that the new tunnel is good and needed.

I do not have views on this

I dont have thoughts on this

This doesnt change any views for me

In any modern city state, there has to be a balance between urbanisation and rural development. Both can coexist and succeed.

Affordable housing is so important and I don’t feel like any government branch really works hard to make it a priority. 

This doesnt change any of my views

I dont agree with this

I agree with some parts of this

I believe the school systems need the funding and should get it

This doesnt change any of my views

Im not sure how I feel about this

This doesnt change any views I have

I agree that the national parks need some work

Putin should not be allowed to strong arm other countries for the benefit of Russia.

This doesnt change my views on anything

I do not agree with this

Im not sure how I feel about this issue

This doesnt change any of my views

I do not agree with anything that Hilary Clinton does.

No views of mine have been changed

We need to make America safer for everyone.

I do not have thoughts on this issue

We should bring our troops home however we do that Im not sure

Voter fraud I think is a huge issue for this country and something needs to be done about it 

Terrorism in our countries is getting out of control and something needs to be changed to stop these actions.

Im not sure how I feel about this

I think that there is a serious issue with the voting systems and things need to be changed

This doesnt change any views for me 

I think that the Pell grants are a good thing and much needed.

We need to do what is best for our planet and environment how ever that might be.

I have mixed feelings about these issues

This doesnt change my views

I am not sure how I feel about these issues

I agree with some of this

Brutalizing prisoners is not ok in any country and there should be things in place to stop these issues

I do not agree with this and I think that this case is crazy

Im not sure my views on these issues

This doesnt change any of my views

Im not sure how I feel about this

I have mixed feelings about the taxes in America

These are things I didnt know about. Im not sure how I feel about these things

This doesnt change my views on things

I agree that the alcohol should be banned.

This doesnt change any of my views

I dont have any thoughts on this issue

I agree with the security in the airports I have no issues with it and feel that it is completely necessary.

It is so hard in this day and age to afford a great house. Something should be done to help more people succeed in life

This doesnt change any of my views


Our environment needs to be protected however that needs to be done

This doesnt change any views for me

The budget needs work

Im not sure what my views on this are.

This doesnt change my views

I dont have any views on ths

I do not agree with this at all

This doesnt change any views for me

This doesnt change my views on things

I believe that the troops deserve every penny.

I am not sure how I feel about these issues

This doesnt change views for me

This doesnt change any  views for me

This is insane. Telling our troops they have to wait for the gear to protect their lives. I dont not agree with this

I have mixed views when talking about the housing market

I can see how Turkey would be a valuable asset to America’s list of allies, they really have a lot to offer. 

I think that this vaccine should be mandatory.

I have mixed feelings about this issue

I dont follow the stock issues too closely to have views on this

I agree with this that they are out of touch and arrogant.

Im not sure my thoughts on this issue

This doesn't change any views for me

This doesnt change my views on things

I have mixed feeling about this

None of my views have been changed by this

Im not sure what my views on this one are

I dont have views on this

Something needs to be done to protect us. This is a real thing and actions need to be taken

I agree that our nation needs to do better.

This doesnt change any views for me.

I have mixed feelings about this issue

I agree that taxing cigarettes is great. Its a good way to try to help people stop smoking.

This doesnt change any of my views

I think that sex education in schools is very important for so many reasons

I do not have any views on this

I sympathize with Mr. Corzine

I think that this is good plan to give to education. Education is so important.

This hasnt changed any views for me

It is so important to make sure that our public transportation is taken care of. It is senseless that these two individuals had their lives taken.

I have no thoughts on this matter

The Everglades restoration project along with the rebuilding of Louisiana's wetlands are both important projects that need to be implemented. 

I have no views on this

Corruption is a huge thing in this world. I think that they should be punished.

I dont have any views on this

My views are mixed on this

This doesnt change any of my views

I have no views on this

I have not heard any of this before. This is crazy to me. 

Global warming is a huge deal. We need to pay attention to it and do what is necessary to protect our environment.

This doesnt change any views for me.

There need to be changes made to the school's food choices. Some of the stuff that our children are being given is just unacceptable. 

I really dont agree with alot of the things that this man does

This doesnt change my views on anything

I do not agree with this at all

I have mixed feelings about this issue

This changes none of my views

This is the same editorial as the one right before

I have no views on this

I do not agree with this

I have mixed feelings about this issue

This hasnt changed any views for me.

Not sure how I feel about this issue

I do not have an views on this issue

Im not sure about this issue. I dont know much info and Im not sure how I feel about this. 

I have no thoughts on this issue

I dont think that Mr. Spitzer does a very good job.

We need to do better at protecting our environment.

I dont have a lot of views on this

I somewhat agree with this

The problem with immigration is a real one that needs to be dealt with.

This doesnt change any of my views.

Im not sure what my thoughts are on this at this point.

None of my views have changed

I agree with this

I have no thoughts on this issue

I do not agree with this

Our justice systems around this country and the dept. of corrections needs a lot of work to improve.

This hasnt changed any views for me.

I do not know enough info about this issue to have a view on this.

None of my views have been changed from this

I dont have a lot of thoughts on this

I dont agree

I think that there needs to more investigation into this drug

This doesnt change any views for me.

No thoughts on this

This doesnt change any of my views on anything

Gridlock is becoming a big issue and something needs to be done

Water and air quality need to be improved in all areas of the US

They should be things in effect to help maintain this waterway and our environment.

We need to do more to protect our environment.

We should do better for our students they are in fact our future

We need to do better somehow to protect our nation from terrorism. This is happening too much now.

Im not sure what my views on this one are. They are mixed.

I dont know a lot about this issue to say

This hasnt changed my views on anything

I think that health care is very important. This is a huge issue for our nation and we need to get it worked out one way or another

This doesnt change any of my views


Im not sure how I feel about this issue

This issue hasnt changed any of my views


I do not agree with these things

I have a lot of views when it comes to the medical professions these days. This hasnt changed my views on anything

I agree that we need to have a better way to protect the planet. I agree that we need to have safer ways to rid of things.

Im not sure my views on this

I do not have any views on this issue

I agree with this I agree that consumers could use a lot of help with this issue

This hasnt changed any views for me.

No particular political stance covered in this piece

No particular political stance portrayed here

Any dealings within an government branch needs to be 100% transparent so there is never any question of who they are working for. 

No particular political stance portrayed here

Small town charm is so much a part of America. It’s so important to retain that and keep our towns alive. 

Every branch of the government has its own set of crooked members it makes it that much more important that all branches be required to be completely transparent. 

Mr. Pataki should be working on finance reform, candidate's donations, and laws on how campaign finances especially since these are issues he was voted into office for. 

There needs to be something done in terms of Palestinian politics for their country and to lessen the violence. 

nothing in the article challenged or supported my stance on nuclear waste disposal or environmental justice

No particular political stance readily apparent here

I suppose cronyism and antics by parties to block or stymie the process of nominees the party does not like is nothing new

No political stance readily apparent here

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

It all comes down to doing thorough research on who you’re voting for no matter if they are local or national level. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

Bush made a lot of mistakes, pretty much every president we have had has made mistakes, and done good things as well. 

Better planning is necessary for a safe and good future. 

I Truly believe there is no such thing as an honest politician. Very few people get involved in politics because they want to do something for the country. They do it because it is a lucrative business they can get rich off of. 

I honestly do not feel we should be spending billions on space exploration when we are in debt over our heads. Priorities. 

230 million dollars in federal financing? That seems like a bit much when the federal government is drowning in debt. 

I have a hard time with political figure heads deciding what a woman can do with her body. Yes, I know there should be guidelines and laws regarding abortion to protect unborn children but it’s a very hard line for them to try to toe. 

It makes me mad at the writer. I went to war and he’s saying it was unnecessary. It just makes me mad.

The most important aspect of this is that day laborers have  places where laborers can find shade, toilets and a safe place to negotiate jobs with contractors and homeowners. 

This is why insuring your property is so important. It’s no ones responsibility to take care of your property but your own.

Prior to reading the editorial, I did not have a stance on U.N. subsidies nor was I aware of the inequalities in subsides for industrial goods compared to agricultural goods. The U.N. should make right on its promises

The victims of Katrina need to be taken care of with federal aid 

No particular political stance is readily apparent to me here

No particular political stance is readily apparent to me here

The fact that richer countries are working to protect their interests at the expense of poorer countries is not new news or noteworthy to me

I didn't find the arguments changed my opinion on the matter

There's a misspelled word and that ruins he credibility of the article completely. 

I think there should be more alcohol available and people need to learn responsibility for it. 

I feel no interest in the topic and therefore it doesn't motivate my opinion in any way 

As a whole, we need to focus on debt reduction, in personal and governmental levels.

Every person in America deserves to be treated respectfully regardless of their nationality or the color of their skin. It’s shameful that some officers of the law still to this day do not understand what that means.

I’m still not sure how countries in billions of debt can even afford to fund anything?

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

The information neither opposed or challenged my stance

I don't have much of an opinion on ny/nj transit

I don't have much of an opinion in New York budget policies 

I have very little interest in New Jersey tax laws

I can’t say I blame Russia for being nervous to have any oil company working in their backyard. They are notorious for being unclean and not caring about the enviroment around them. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t really have a strong stance on this aside from all levels of government should do everything they can to reduce costs and debt. 

Maybe they aren’t selling to minors but they still have drugs in their possession. I can’t really say this is a praying on minorities situation when they should not have drugs in the first place. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Affordable housing is important and it shouldn’t be considered a bad thing. Affordable housing should have access to good schools and be kept up so it’s not considered the “slums”

Politicians talk big about tax cuts but the only ones it ever really benefits is those who are already rich. 

We all need to be more concerned with conserving our enviroment over building monuments for everyone who may or may not need to be commemorated. 

No clear political stance here, largely an opinion piece on the need for reform of the NY legislature

A clear political stance is not readily apparent, largely an opinion piece on the need for reform of the NY legislature

I really don’t have a strong stance on this. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here, nothing to oppose or support my stance

No particular political stance to oppose or support my stance readily apparent here. Campaigns should be conducted with dignity and respect for all involved

This is a repeat

No particular political stance readily apparent here. Status report on the market, inflation, and the burden borne by low and middle class. No new information to oppose or support my stance on the economy

I have no problem with immigrants who actuallly come to the US legally and make an effort to become legal citizens. It’s those who come illegally.

AR does not stand for assault rifle. As a hunter I am disappointed he did not at very least use proper terms. AR is armolite rifle which is the maker. The gun itself is no more dangerous than a 22. Banning ARs is a step in a very bad direction. 

I am unaware of the particulars of the situation in Somalia now and in the past. The article makes some good points that I generally agree with. 

Our politicians have a hard time doing their job without someone else scratching their back. So they stall because there’s no one making a sweeter deal for them to do something. 

I’m glad I don’t live in Connecticut. My state treats the poor who can’t afford insurance the same as those who can... sometimes better. Maybe Connecticut should take notes. 

I think I already commented for this article a couple articles back or at least a very similar one. But I’ll add that no branch of government actually seems to understand what a really budget is. 

I’ve read this article 3 times. Politicians do not fully understand what a budget is and that the debts of this country can not afford “million dollar” budgets. 

I really see no problem with people having to show that they are citizens to get government funded insurance. 

The Governors goals seem lofty and the article supports them. Legislation to avoid tenure of state officials and changing the structure that pays for education is good. Involving the state government in healthcare could be more problematic. I was both reinforced and challenged through out the article. 

I agreed with several of these points and disagreed with others. Government should not work toward aleviation of poverty and affordable housing leaving space for private charities instead. Other priorities are good and should be pursued by the city. 

No political stance readily apparent here

No particular stance readily apparent here...not being in NY, I suppose, influences my impressions of this piece

No particular political stance readily apparent here..

I hate Sirius because they hound you if you don’t keep their stuff and I’d never heard of XM before. This is like Netflix or Hulu. If you want both get both.

I was unaware of this issue 

Human trafficking is still a growing problem and getting worse seemingly everyday. Politicians need to take these issues seriously and don’t rush through their decisions regarding this problem. 

This editorial neither challenged nor opposed my stance on same-sex marriage

Our government system is so corrupt. We need a massive clean out to get rid of the corruption. 

No particular political issue readily apparent here

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I would actually admire politicians who are completely honest and do not talk in circles around themselves. Too bad we can’t all tell when they are they are blowing hot air. 

I’m on the fence about stem cell research. I really don’t feel I know enough about it to have a strong stance on it. 

I think the bottle bill would be a good thing. Maybe they could put the money toward cleaning up the pollution the bottles create or cleaning up our national debt. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

No particular political stance is readily apparent here; seems to be a comparison and contrast of candidates for same position

People are in denial that slavery still exists. It’s still a huge problem and officials have barely touched the surface to keep people safe. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I’m really not inclined to care if Joe Schmoe can have a drink in a rail car or whatever’s on his way home from work. They could just be normal and stop at a bar or wait til they get home. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

The people who are victims of trafficking deserve the right to press charges against those who abuse them, and there should be stricter laws and consequences for human trafficking. Just aboyther case of political figure heads not caring about the people they are supposed to be working for. 

I have no hard stance on this. 

I do not know enough about this to have a strong stance. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this 

Both parties are so corrupt they can’t even get simple things done without trying to figure out what’s in it for them. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

The politicians are so focused on what they can make happen for themselves, they don’t care about anything else. 

The idea of a football stadium being created to one day potentially hold the Olympics is a bit of a stretch. 

I think its safe to reason that money, in this situation, is not helping the cause but hurting it. 

The idea that square footage is directly linked to the emotional value of a place is not good. The individuals that were directly affected by the events of 9/11 should have strong say in whats happening at the memorial and ground zero all together. 

It is good that US intelligence puts Iran father from creating weapons of destructions, but how much can we trust this information? 

I have  no opinions on this race. 

I had very little knowledge of the functioning of the WHO or its inequity when it comes to vaccine creation. I tdo think that equity is important and getting these types of medication to everyone is important. 

The new snowmobiles have their good points, but allowing unguided riding through Yellowstone is just a money making strategy, which may be what the park needs considering its need for funding. 

As always it seems it is very easy to get up and give a big speech about what should be done, but it another story entirely to put those words into action. 

The tax system in the United States needs to be reformed. 

I was previously unaware of the relations betwee North Korea and the Bush administration and this particular inteligence. It seems that the article makes some good criticisms of the Bush administrations international relations. 

Spending 75 million dollars to win an office seat is ridiculous. That money could have easily done a lot of good in a lot of different ways. 

Criminal Justice Systems need to operate according to constitutional standards.The American people need to be vigilant to make sure that they are aware of what rights they are losing and what rights are being abused. 

I do not think that American troops need to stay in foreign countries to maintain their society. They need to be trained to do it themselves, and Americans need to come home.

No way anyone could argue any aspect of this in my opinion.

No new info for me.

I was unaware of this situation and had no opinion about it. 

No new info.

It sounds like Mr. Bolton is not doing a stand up job regarding the UN and mastering diplomacy between the nations. 

No new info for me

The way this issue has been debated, and handle by the government causes concern regarding who's best interest they actually have at heart. 

More needs to be done to revamp the Patriot Act so that Americans safety, civil liberties, and privacy are protected. 

America allows who they want to have nuclear weapons. They feel they should be in control of what everyone else is doing. 

The whole thing was a disaster. 

The Sopranos was a show that everyone seemed to enjoy and used as a point of escapism from their ordinary lives. 

Nothing new.

Common sense in this article. Little to argue against.

With New York and New Jersey being so strongly intertwined it is important that they have their own voice. 

Nothing particularly outstanding in this article. 

It seems that building a stadium would be good for everyone involved. 

I was unaware about this situation until now and I feel I did not get a full picture of what exactly happened so I have to reserve judgment. 

I am not quite sure I understand the alternative tax. I agree that capital gains should be taxed at a similar rate to income (mostly becaue income tax should be lower) but I am not knowledgeable about this topic to make an informed decision. 

Day Laborers need a union to support them, in some instances individuals who are day laboring don't even know what laws are there to protect them and what aren't. 

Cutting funding for school is like cutting your own neck to spite your mouth. Its a shame and I am sure there are some salaries that could have stand taking a cut, rather than education. 

This editorial simply reinforced my stance that teachers, and other school officials do not get paid enough to do all of the many jobs that they do. 

Its difficult to say whether states or federal government should be enforcing emission policies. I think there should be a federal benchmark and states can do that or better. 

We should do more to preserve the older way of life that used the land for the betterment of all, not just to build something on. 

 I don’t have a strong stance on this.

We are all responsible for keeping our country clean. It’s good that some politicians do take cleaner air and environmental preservation seriously. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here

It is the need to exhibit success in every facet of life that has led to many of the lifestyle diseases brought on by lifestyle choices. This need will also flow over into the assets that people acquire

No particular political stance readily apparent here

Meh

Article offers little persuasive evidence 

I have strong feels about the Iraq war - but this doesn't add much insight. 

This editorial is short on hard facts that might be used to oppose or support a stance

I think we should look into clean ways to burn our trash to use as steam power. It would be a win win.

I don’t have a strong stance on this.

Try as they might, they still can’t come up with clean renewable energies. Could it be because so many politicians are in the oil business and it doesn’t fit into their personal agenda? 

This Spitzer fella has more integrity than the lot of them.

I feel like this is a reasonable way to handle gang activity with thouse who are not legal citizens. 

Part of what makes America great is the religious freedom. I firmly believe that church and state should be held separately. 

Nice pop culture reference...

It's interesting how everything Bush did was wrong according to some people

How did we get from the page scandal to an indictment of all things conservative?

So I guess you don't want people to use the park...?

Zzz

A populist diatribe

Those who are gay deserve to have equal rights of their heterosexual counterparts. Politicians should not have the right to dictate whether they do or do not. 

No information regarding a particular political stance is readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent here-- only criticism of a bad actor

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I’m not surprised that corrupt politicians were exposed for who they really are. Too bad more aren’t exposed before they get anposition of power. 

If congress would stop trying to give the rich extra tax breaks we would have less problems with budgets. It’s just more corrupt politicians scratching the backs of those who are willing to finance their “favors”. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this situation. 

I am not convinced that economic sanctions are the ways to go to compel bad global actors to comply

I feel like making it possible to supeona reporters and make them reveal confidential sources would be an infringement on the freedom of the press. It would be a step in the wrong direction. 

I don’t know enough about this to have a strong stance on the subject. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here

I really hate that we have governmental parties that seem to only want what will benefit them and their agenda and neither party ever actually work for the people. 

I strongly believe that citizens should be responsible for holding their own insurance on their property. It is not the governments responsibility to rebuild homes and businesses that should have been insured for hurricane damage. 

I don’t have a stance on this. 

Luckily since this article was written the nursing field has definitely improved dramatically. 

Are we talking about another Boston Tea Party?!

Disability seems to be really hard for those who truly need it to get, and those who have learned to work the system get it so easily. 

I believe the death penalty has a place, but the financial aspects of this article are sound. So I can't really say one way or the other. 

I think it's ridiculous to get offended because someone names a line after where you live. If they turned it around, they could make money off of it.

There are a lot of players and honestly I kind of thought they were all the same guy until I read this.

My favorite is After the Fall. It was more about his personal life, I believe but The Crucible is up there. I never saw or performed in any that I found political but I was young and not looking for a whole lot of subtext.

I get that Russia is bad, but why are people so surprised when Putin is agreeable? People get mad because we are in bed with the Russians, but it seems like one can sleep on top of the sheets if it keeps nukes from flying.

I didn't really have a stance, but yeah having a fair amount of competition could lead to a better government.

When a city official admits to using illegal substances they should be asked to step down, do you think anyone else in a different position would be able to keep their job after admitting they got high while doing it? 

People eat what they want, build what they want, and wear what they want. All of that is little concern to others, until it encroaches on their freedoms. 

These are good questions to ask, if you get the opportunity to speak. 

Creating the town into a National park could be good or bad, more research is probably needed. 

Long Island needs the power and so they must do something to provide it. 

It is a shame that workers are so disposable now, that there is no incentives to employers to want to thank employees for their hard work and dedication to a company. 

I don't really have a problem with stem cell research. All for healing people and I don't understand why that's a problem for the government.

This is just sad.

I was raised Catholic and I have a hard time reading things about Catholicism. Not supposed to have idols, but there is a picture of my mom and grandparents with a cardboard cutout of the Pope. It's just weird.

I can't tell if it is a lack of separation of church and state or what.

I don't know anymore.

No particular political stance readily apparent here, merely a quick and dirty outline of Mr. Spitzer's political agenda

Being attorney general is a taxing job. 

The cost of living should not out way the wages that people are making.

The Coast Guard seems well equipped to handle the dangers described. 

I am pretty sure that all of these guys move their friends around to keep their jobs solid. 

Funding to schools, and environments that effect your children etc while in office rather than places that truly need it is sad. 

Here's my thing: The price people are charged for medications is so much more than it costs to make them. If meds were more affordable there wouldn't be a market for fakes.

Kind of sounds like this writer was as confused as I am, honestly. 

Clean air = good. Enforcing expensive regulations that will put money in pockets and do nothing for the environment = bad.

This is interesting, but I thought a census was more of a city matter and then the cities would report up. A nationwide census would take a lot and with illegals here it seems like a waste of resources. In my opinion.

No particular political stance readily apparent here...seems to be a call for more direct, clear communication between the then president and Iraqi leader

I had no prior stance on this dispute or disputes between different towns or neighborhoods. I generally agree with the article but don't know enough to form an opinion. 


I had no prior stance on this election. I generally agree with the article about these politicians as they are reformers and it seems the government in Albany needed it. 

I did not have a strong stance on the process of privatizing tax collection. After reading the article I agree that is should be done by the government itself as it is cheaper. 

I found it difficult to follow and not readable 

I am against corruption but I'm not sure if the evidence in the article is legitimate 

No opinion on the matter

Personally education and health care should be equally supported 

I was unaware of General Sanchez so I did not have a stance. I do however feel that he is not to be held accountable for the incompetence of the war as he was not given the tools to succeed. His career should therefore not suffer. 

No particular political stance here. I do believe, though,  that the opinions of the people must be considered before drastic changes are made to the rail system. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here. I agree thought that public transportation must me maintained for

No particular political stance readily apparent here....back door deals are bad, as well as business and government reneging on deals

No particular political stance readily apparent...just endorsement of a political candidate

I do not have a stance on the Iraqi constitution that could be challenged or reinforced. I do however generally agree with the notions in the article as they seem well defended. 

I have never seen nor cared about the Academy Awards so I do not have a position. 

I agree with some of the proposals of the article and disagree with other heavily. I do agree that lame-duck politicians should not make huge appointments that go against the will of the voters. 

Politicians (and people by extension) will often do what best suits their interest and leave any reform and changes to be made by the next guy.

I don't really have a strong opinion with gambling.

Simply neither challenged me nor reinforced my stance.v

Not much of a solid opinion

Horrible things happening in Russia, America should be on the look out to be sure that we don't end up the same. 

The questions of abortion and its legality should be explored by the Supreme Court when necessary. 

Our foreign aid and other polices monies should not be taken from to support a fight on terrorism that is failing so tremendously. 

Difficulties in America will continue to grow if energy supplies continue to change and be altered. 

Coming together as a community, a large community to decrease cost and be more effective could b e a probable solution.

It is wrong for them to give the fields to the wealthiest students. 

They need to clean up the State Capitol, getting them ethically situated and cleared out of those with bad reputations. 

Mr. Suozzis plans for the Hub sound great, if he can get the support he needs and get the project off of the ground.  

No new information.

Oftentimes when persons are from one political party, they do not switch allegiance irrespective of the person in the form of their representative. We need to get to the stage where votes are more based on policies and merit

Project Sunlight will be good for the state if they get it up and running. It may shed some light on where money is going. 

The NRA is a formidable foe and can ruin anyone who speaks against it. 

The bill could be good for New Orleans, and the Everglades, but could also fall short. 

All sounds like speculation 

Mr. Keppel sounds as if he is doing a good job of maintaining his towns identity while welcoming things that can make it better. 

How unsafe are the plants? No evidence. 

Sometimes diplomacy is better at solving conflicts as was in the case of Iran

Perhaps better trained officers could deal with the immigrants better...

Too much speculation 

Doesn't add much to the debate. Just kind of an update 

Not persuasive but rather infuriating.  Horribly written article - no clear concept.  

This is informative but not persuasive 

I feel both sides are corrupt and Schlozman is probably standard. 

It all sounds like hearsay. Nothing of founded substance 

I don't have a strong stance on this subject. 

Both have good arguments regarding the better bottle bill. 

Congress needs to impose accountability on the Baghdad situation. 

We still have a long way to go when it comes to vehicles that burn clean fuel and create less emissions, but we are slowly getting there. 

I actually feel like choosing to serve something that is bigger than your wants and yourself is a very worthy quote to use. Too bad he didn’t actually live by that, nor do 90% of political figureheads in this country. 

I do agree that people in other countries definitely need assistance with creating clean water and educational opportunities. I would rather see America make donations directly to the people and not to the government though. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t know enough about this to have a strong stance. 

Our education system truly needs a huge overhaul. The government has taken so much control over what and how kids are taught that they have taken the power away from truly talented and remarkable educators. Our children and their brilliant young minds are suffering at the stranglehold the government has taken on the system. 

Taxpayers should not be responsible for paying for any new playing fields or stadiums. If a team wants those things they should pay for it. 

Our whole system needs reform. Sadly everyone who tries to reform it are more unstressed in their personal gain than in truly fixingnthe system. 

I don’t know enough about this to have a solid stance on it. 

I’ll be honest that I don’t feel like a country that is trillions of dollars in debt can truly afford to fund a space program at this point. Leave the space exploration to the private funded programs for now and get our budgets under control. The millions we would save would go a long way to lowering our debt. 

I think the bottle bill is a good idea. This would possibly lower pollution along with helping fund other projects that need attention. 

The bottle bill is a good idea, it could reduce pollution as well as fund other projects that need attention. 

Adult should be able to drink on the train, closing the bar train I would make closing all bars for the same reasons doable. They should have things in place to prevent sloppy drunks. 

I don’t know enough about this to have a strong stance. 

I’d be interested to see reports showing the effects of the increased number of vaccines when there is not a presence of clean drinking water and clean living spaces available. 

Considering the level of pollution that in in the Hudson River area I would be very Leary of setting up camp anywhere near it. There definitely needs to be more done to continue keeping it clean. 

ahhhh politics...

Some laws are proposed on the premise that the proposed law maker is able to hide his real intent under the guise of doing good.

I don’t really know enough about this to have a strong stance. 

Nothing new. 

A casino would provide economic growth, but other negative things as well. They should look further into the idea before taking any action. 

No new or interesting info for me. 

Our system is broken sadly. But that doesn’t mean it isn’t fixable, we just need to 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t have a stance on this. 

I’ve always liked PBS, it was a good feeling knowing they weren’t “owned” by one political party or another. That’s really no that true anymore. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

Nothing to add to my opinion.

This is kind of poetic. Nice story. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

There needs to be more measures and stronger consequences for dirty politicians who steal from the taxpayers. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

I don’t know enough about this subject to have a strong stance. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Candidates should not be allowed to take taxpayers money when they are the only one running for their position. It’s unnecessary. 

I agree that there needs to be more control of the use of drugs. They should be compared for side effects as well as efficiency to treat an illness. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Doesn't influence my opinion much.

Does not sway my opinion.

I don't think that judges should have ever made THAT much money. But I can see that when the pay declines, I suppose the quality of judges could decline as well. 

If America is going to be in Palestine then they need to do things to help the Palestine people. 

There have been worse administrators than the Bush administration was. 

I firmly believe in the freedom of the press, though I always hope the press uses common sense with their articles. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Diabetes is really taking hold. Maybe not a is the time to put taxes on junk food. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I believe in the separation of church and state. If they are going to have one religious writing they need to offer the option to have them all, if the 10 commandments are part of their history then the other religious texts can be part of their present. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Marriage should be open for all consenting adults, no matter their sex or identified gender. 

Family members should be the first to make serious choices about incapacitated family members on a national level not stare by state. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Public me net should n bet go to sports. They should be self funded. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Corrupt officials should not receive pensions. 

Congress should stop cutting taxes. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

We should take a page out other countries books and offer free higher education to citizens. Though that would make it hard for the government to make millions off interest rates for student loans. 

Perhaps a solution to healthcare problems would be to put a cap on insurance companies as well as healthcare providers who are getting rich off healthcare. 

Protecting confidential sources can be a good, and a bad thing. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Incidents like these indicate further training for our officers, even those wit h5 to 12 years on the force. 

We do need a complete overhaul of the education system. Things have gotten worse and worse over the years it makes me not want to put my children in the public school system. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

There may be consequences for self entitlement, but sadly they are. It brought forth often enough on politicians who are out to fill their own agendas. 

The snowmobiles aren’t going to hurt the park. Most modern art s have few emissions and burn cleaner than those of the pst! 

All branches of government should be mandated to have fully transparent budgets. It would really help with maintaining reasonable budgets. 

Hilary Clinton is yet another two faced politician that is horrendously corrupt and doesn’t deserve a position of power. 

I know buyout usually strikes fear in anyone involved. But it really isn’t always a bad thing. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t feel that those measures need to be taken but I do believe having a valid photo ID at time of voting is not unreasonable to require. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

Obese people are at higher risk than those of an average weight. Not overweight are at a higher risk than average. 

Common sense, it's true. The USA should take the role and responsibility.

It's hard to know how to vote in an election when one candidate only half-wants the job and the other one is dangerously underqualified.

What was the point of this editorial?

I understand it's an editorial but when you say "unconstitutional," "undemocratic" and "nonesense" in the first hundred words the piece is going to be much more heat than light.

That's politics in the good ole USA. If you don't like it move to Russia.

Hopefully this writer isn't naive enough to believe that an artifical deadline will cure underlying problems

zzz

I do not have a stance on this. 

So you think paper records are more accurate than electronic records? What about Landslide Lyndon and Dangling Chads?

Good insight into an issue that I don't particularly care about...

I do not have a stance on this. 

While space exploration is an admirable goal, I don’t feel we are in a position to spend billions of dollars on what ifs at this point. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

Most of what I see about global warming is horror stories based on cherry-picked facts. Not terribly convincing to me...

I don’t really have a stance on this.

It's really easy to criticize. Wake me up when you talk about problems and possible solutions.

I like his idea. "Get back to work". Wise words.

I do not have a stance on this. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

No new info for me. 

No new info in current article.

It’s nice when things are looking up, we still need a huge federal reform though. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

Common sense, with little to no room for argument.

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

Does not sway my opinion.

No new or useful info.

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I have no strong stance on this. 

The HPV vaccine is risky and has proven to be dangerous and detrimental for many young girls. I can/will not support any politician that tries to force the vaccine on young girls. 

No new info.

We need to stand strong in keeping church and state separate some so better at that than others. 

No new info.

Does not add to my opinion.

Does not add to my opinion.

Does not add to my opinion.

Picking on ancient history is pathetic at best.

No new info.

Does not add to my opinion.

No new info.

I don’t have a stance on this 

No new info for me.

Does not add to my opinion.

Read this article once before, no,new info.

More of an opinion piece, no new info for me.

Does not add to my opinion.

I don’t have a stance on this. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this subject. 

Rich politicians generally have more influential “friends” who are more likely to “support” their campaign as well.

Governors have a responsibility to the office. I’m not sure why one would need to attend so many functions. 

It sounds pretty hypocritical to me, but then that is most politicians for you. “Do as I say, not as I do.”

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

Does not add to or change my opinion.

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent here. I agree thought that government agencies tasked to do a certain job, for instance provide affordable housing, should do what it has been tasked to do 

With all the crooked doings of politicians on both sides do we really need to doubt that this wasn’t just another stunt to try to force an upper hand? 

Does not add to or change my opinion.

No particular political stance readily apparent...though the projects proposed by Mr. Cuomo appear to be worthwhile endeavors that would benefit the citizens

Does not add to or change my opinion.

I'm a stock trader, this contains no new information for me.

I have no stance on this. 

Does not add or change my opinion.

Does not add or change my views.

Does not add to or change my views.

Being a cop is a rough job, if there’s an opportunity to give them a little extra I don’t see why a community would balk that. 

Does not add to or change my views.

Our government needs to set a budget and stick to it. Stop allocating funds to stadiums and other crap that shouldn’t be funded by tax payers and they’ll suddenly start finding all the funds to stay within budget and still get things done with! 

Was informative but not persuasive 

Not too interested in the topic really

It doesn't go far enough- the two party system is corrupt enough

Governments do get it right sometimes. 

To ensure equity and making housing solutions affordable for some low income citizens, these housing solutions need to continue to happen.

Sometimes, being an ally to the US can land you hostility from your neighbours.

Nepotism reigns in every regime, in some to a higher degree than in others.

The editorial shows how delicate a balance there is between the preservation of a city's culture and history with any kind of "abnormal" additions that is required 

One party governments will seek to preserve their status quo at all costs.

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No new info.

Even now we need cleaner energy. Our enviroment is deteriorating and we are losing important parts of our ecosystem due to our inability to come up with clean energy to run vehicles and factories off of.

Too many variables to be convincing 

Although I agree with giving our boys the best protection possible - I found the article failed to give me new facts. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I’m not concerned about the sugar problem we have in the US. Fat and calories aren’t a problem it’s carbs and junk. Also the schools can’t control what parents choose to send to school for their kids to eat. 

There are certain jobs for which special concessions need to be made to accommodate the exigencies of the service being provided. However, when there is outright abuse, then the abusers need to held accountable.

The editorial is simply regurgitating the economics of a country based on changes in inflation and the associated changes in purchasing power.

The military does deserve the best equipment unfortunately even during war times we have other things that must fit in the budgets too. 

I don’t have a stance on this.

I do not have a stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this, so much had changed since this article was written. 

I do not have a stance on this. 

I don’t have a stance on this, I have never seen ground zero and honestly not likely to see it. I

 Don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I don’t have a stand on this aside from the fact there should be no behind closed doors money in the government. No vaguely named items which money goes into that doesn’t really trace to anywhere. 

I’m still trying to decide if the government really owes Money to those who live in poverty? Why not put it towards better educations? 

The entire US is made up and built on immigration. It wouldn’t be the country if is without immigrants

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

Nothing here that opposed or strengthened my stance on foreign relations 

I am blessed to not have to use public transportation but I wouldn’t want to ride on anything that had a history of ruining clothing. The replacement arms would pay for themselves within a couple years. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

No clear political position here

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

No particular stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance here

Repeat article  No particular political stance here

The editorial seeks simply to highlight some of the unethical practises that exist in the government and what needs to be done to correct it.

Your primary sources are the London Times and the Washington Post? You've gotta do better than that.

Back to the London Times again....sigh...

Not convinced until he produces results 

Before you convince me that acting to stop global warming is good you've got to convince me of the magnitude of the problem. IMHO most editorials skip that part precisely because the evidence is rather weak.

Federal judges may make less than law school deans but law school deans don't have lifetime appointments and one of the best pensions in the history of Western civilization. One-sided editorial.

meh

We're at a pretty low point if you're expecting Barbara Boxer to hold hearings and save the world...

I'm surprised they tolerate eating and drinking anything on the NY trains

It didn’t present any arguments which captured my interest

Pretty good editorial but no discussion of why drug prices are so high in the first place

The editorial outlines the inefficiencies that exist in Long Island tax system.

meh

Was a very confusing article

How is it reliable? No sources. 

aaaaah RIP Ted Kennedy...

No lawmaker from Michigan will ever support strict emissions standards no matter who testifies. You're barking up the wrong tree.

Nothing new or noteworthy 

Sounds like a good idea but the lack of funding makes it a non-starter. I don't think NJ could come up with $500 for a tunnel....let alone $500 million...

Figures don't lie and liars figure

No new or noteworthy information here to support or oppose my stance on residence rules for running for a political seat

meh

Those CAFE standards are awfully thorny...

I just don't get the whole property tax debate

I think better protection for American troops is a cause everyone believes in

meh

I think the two sides are so far apart that it's rather silly to think that anyone can "fix" this issue at this time

America's allies jumped off the SS Iraq pretty quickly...maybe for good reason and maybe because they just couldn't stomach the violence

If the persons responsible for spearheading the reforms will not be benefited by it, then there may not be any incentive to proceed.

The First Amendment's establishment clause is a lot more narrow than some would like it to be. Thomas "wall of separation between church and state" Jefferson wasn't even in this hemisphere when the Constitution was drafted. That's just political commentary.

mego (my eyes glazed over)

Eight prosecutors is a "purge"? Excuse me?? And if you don't want politics to influence your job you probably shouldn't accept a political appointment.

Whose side is this guy on? I couldn't tell if he was slamming the principal or the kids...

Big ideas seeking to ensure economic growth, have to be carefully planned and boldly presented and promoted in order to get traction.

Lots of judges only work five or six hours a day. Underpaid my %^&!!

zzz

meh

duplicate

The editorial neglected to mention why I should care about this issue.

America was built by immigrants to discourage immigrants from becoming citizens is abominable and a disgrace to American ancestors. 

If you want to address mass killing like this you need to stop calling it "genocide." That's a politically charged word that makes people very defensive.

If you want chemical companies to spend money on security you'll have to do better than alarmist doomsday scenarios.

zzz

much ado about nothing

I think you're kinda missing the point about abstinence. In a way, it really doesn't matter if the kids listen or not. It's still something we need to teach.

I found this really interesting. I was aware of businesses outsourcing to countries such as Ireland and Bermuda but I wasn’t aware of the tax breaks that come with doing so. 

seemed kinda one-sided to me...

It's pretty bad to go out of state to raise money but that's where we are

suspending the writ of HC is pretty scary but we are talking about dangerous noncitizens..

Speculation

zzz

I wonder how outraged these people were after the Obama IRS admitted that it targeted conservative groups...

mego

The "authorities," huh? Is that anything like "the syndicate" in Mission: Impossible?

Nothing here that opposed or supported my stance on college athletics

What forces are keeping this facility open? I think there's more to the story here...

I'm just not sold on the whole climate change thing

zzz

The time to make reforms happen is when one is new to political office, before the powers of intimidation, veto or nepotism set in.

Any attempt at tax reform need to first outline a sustainable approach to these changes in taxes. Outside of this,  there might not be any long term gains for the state or the parties who are expected to benefit the most.

No particular information that  opposes or supports my stance on hospital availability

This sounds like a good idea, it will increase income for the city/state and quite possibly reduce the number of cars on those certain streets. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this.

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

It sounds like New York is a melting pot of hot mess politicians who like to do underhanded and crooked things behind closed doors. Perhaps a cleanout should be considered for them? 

No new information that opposed or supported my stance on foreign diplomacy. We need good, informed, realistic diplomacy measures.

Congestion pricing sounds like it would be a good thing for New York. But it seems they are only good at “planning” and not following through. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here to support or oppose

When it comes to environmental safety there is absolutely no reason to build anything that could pose as a threat without all problems with it being hashed out before it is approved. In America if it’s put together knowing that things need done to improve the design they will never improve the design and start cutting corners. 

I think it’d be easy to over look trains as a terrorism threat since they are rarely used for travel across country anymore. They are more used for freight and would need a complex plan to affect a large area of people. 

No new info for me.

No particular political stance readily apparent here

I do not have a strong stance on this. 

Honestly, this may be the stupidest fight I have ever read about.

No particular political position readily apparent here

No new or noteworthy information that opposed or supported my stance on education funding

If a government was truly going for a by the people for the people effort they would allow citizens to vote on all levels not just the important ones and a presidential nomination wouldn’t guarantee a position of power. 

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

Nothing new or noteworthy that  opposes or supports my stance on treatment of war captives. The pieces did not provide background information, so I am not sure what happened, who the actors were and what they did or did not do

I don’t have a strong stance on this. 

Reforms discussed in the editorial are all needed innthenNY date fovernemnt.

There is not enough evidence provided to vindicate the justice system.

This is a hard situation to deal with. If they put too much pressure on the slumlords then they stand a chance of losing the properties completely. 

No particular political stance readily apparent here

Read this article once before, no new info for me.

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No new or noteworthy information here that opposes or supports my stance on funding for public parks


No new info for me.

No new info for me.

Very biased, but no new info for me.

No stance on this particular subject.


No new or noteworthy information to oppose or support my stance on through drug testing and stringent approval process before drugs go to market. The editorial highlights some informed actors who may or may not have had the power to stop or delay the release of the drug onto the market

I am not sure if this editorial supports or opposes my stance on public intoxication. I am against public intoxication, particularly if the intoxicated individual is threatening or is disturbing the peace. Is it considered public intoxication if the person is on a train; I don't think so, but I am not sure

No information here that supports or opposes my stance on stock market trading practices

No information here to support or oppose my stance that abuses, cases of molestation, that have been reported by members of the Catholic church at the hands of priests or others in leadership in the Church

No new info.

No noteworthy info.

Repeat article, no new info for me.

I dint have much opinion on the matter. 

No noteworthy info.

No new or noteworthy info.

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No new info regarding my stance.

Duplicate article, no new or noteworthy info.

I agree she deserved pay, but then again she should not have had to do any of that OT in the first place.

The information in the article neither supported or opposed my stance regarding IRS audit procedures

No particular political stance readily apparent here, though I agree that all budgets should be transparent

No particular political stance readily apparent here

This editorial did not provide information to oppose or support my stance on government funding of the shuttle program

No particular political issue readily apparent here

No information here that supports or opposes my stance on ethics in government

No new info for me.

No real opinion on this article.

No particular political stance readily apparent

No new or noteworthy info for me.

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent

No new info.

The editorial neither supported nor opposed my stance on corporate taxes

Maybe the people are too hard on the Red Cross. How could anyone have been prepared for Katrina?

The editorial neither supported or opposed my stance on stem cell research

The editorial did not provide information that supported or opposed my stance on clean energy or reduction in carbon dioxide emissions

the editorial neither supported or opposed my stance on investing and saving

Nothing here that supports or opposes my stance on immigration reform

No particular political stance readily apparent here

Neither opposed or supported my stance on bottle redemption

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No particular political stance readily apparent

The editorial neither supported nor opposed my stance on climate change/global warming

No particular political stance readily apparent

No particular political stance readily apparent

No particular political stance readily apparent

No particular political view readily apparent

No particular political stance readily apparent here

No information to support or oppose my stance on campaign financing

Didn’t provide me with much persuasive arguments 

Immigration reform is important but I’m not sure what this article is trying to say

Agree with him but nothing new. 

Nothing new or noteworthy 

I feel Business will always find a way to avoid taxes. 

I find it hard to buy that Ambien is really the main cause. 

Just a nut job I don’t care about 

I already thought Kevorkian was kind of a nut

we all want to protect the troops

pretty hard to argue with that agenda...

duplicate

meh

what was the point of this editorial?

zzz

Editorials like this don't sway me but I do think it's really cool that stuff like this gets printed. In some countries you go to jail for saying stuff like that.

Churches are more anti-war than anti-Democrat or Republican

didnt get the point of this one either

meh

12 acres seems like a pretty good compromise to me. You can't hamstring development over a puddle.

That's a pretty ambitious agenda. Maybe it's better to concentrate on one thing at a time so you can move from victory to victory

wow....it sucks to be poor in NYC...

meh

I agree that ASs are pretty sweeping tools but international terrorism is pretty bad business

If the worst problem you can think of is an extended Presidential campaign it must've been a really slow news day

lol

The editorial is not clear as to the reasons for the opposition so it doesn't allow the reader to make an informed decision. 

meh


this editorial laid out lots of problems and offered virtually no solutions

in the Middle East any progress whatsoever is significant progress

who cares

didn't change my stance on any issues but it was a very touching piece

im not sure why immigration is such an emotional issue for everyone...

if Ambien was dangerous we'd know it by now. If you abuse it and get hurt that doesn't mean the drug is unsafe

zzzz

pretty good editorial but didnt really affect me

there's a difference between Durbin (public official) and Robertson (talk show host)

duplicate

It didn’t sway me in any way

seems like a good plan to me...

meh

Tax reform is an issue of great controversy irrespective of which side of the political divide you are on. 

Even when this issue was really hot stuff it didn't really affect me either way

I have very little opinion on this matter

So we should protect the identity of CIs because they blew the whistle on the Monica Lewisnsky scandal huh? I'm glad they did. America is SUCH a better place now that we know about Bill Clinton's sex life.

had the makings of a good editorial but the writer was so anti-Bush that nothing made sense...

zzzz

It wasn’t an interesting read

So Santorum used a corporate jet then sermonized about how bad it was huh? That might explain why he's a two-time Presidential loser. 

You may legitimately disagree with the nominee's stance but that doesn't make her "unqualified." Guys like me are unqualified judicial nominees lol

zzz

seems kinda alarmist to me....also seems like a rather shameless plug for a different section of the same paper

There were too many gaps going into the Iraqi war and instead of making good on the lessons learnt, the US administration wants to brush certain failings under the carpet and expect the world to just forget about it.

Awful lot of speculation..."can," "probably," "might," etc.

meh

low income housing is always a touchy issue

Not a relative topic for me 

I think veterans rights are as important as anyone’s. Once we have health care for all it’ll worry me more. 

Just a botched program but not a lot of answers presented here

Too unclear in general. 

No new info.

Repeat article, no new info.

Hurricane Kartrina's recovery plan was never clearly articulated or executed. There are recommendations from all quarters but none (including from this editorial) seem to be convincing enough to show how the real problem would be solved.

Politicians have an uncanny way of turning important decisions of the day in partisan politics. The people suffer.

No new info.

No new info.

In Afghanistan's defense, they have dealt with invaders for thousands of years. Iraq, not so much, perhaps that is what led to the difference.

No new info.

The editorial seems to just have an inclination towards Mr Weitzman so his accolades are tooted loudest.

No new info

It would appear that there is not enough monitoring when it comes on to things of environmental significance, to ensure compliance.

